Dumbledore: I should have known that you would be here Professor McGonagall. McGonagall: Good evening, Professor Dumbledore. Are the rumours true, Albus? Dumbledore: I'm afraid so, Professor. The good, and the bad. McGonagall: And the boy? Dumbledore: Hagrid is bringing him. McGonagall: Do you think it wise to trust Hagrid with something as important as this? Dumbledore: Ah, Professor, I would trust Hagrid with my life. Hagrid: Professor Dumbledore, Sir. Professor McGonagall. Dumbledore: No problems, I trust, Hagrid? Hagrid: No, sir. Little tyke fell asleep just as we were flying over Bristol. Heh. Try not to wake him. There you go. McGonagall: Albus, do you really think it's safe, leaving him with these people? I've watched them all day. They're the worst sort of Muggles imaginable. They really are  Dumbledore: The only family he has. McGonagall: This boy will be famous. There won't be a child in our world who doesn't know his name. Dumbledore: Exactly. He's better off growing up away from all that. Until he is ready. Dumbledore: There, there, Hagrid. It's not really goodbye, after all. Dumbledore: Good luck Harry Potter. The Vanishing Glass Dudley: Wake up, cousin! We're going to the zoo! Petunia: Oh, here he comes, the birthday boy! Vernon: Happy birthday, son. Petunia: Why don't you just cook the breakfast and try not to burn anything. Harry: Yes, Aunt Petunia. Petunia: I want everything to be perfect for my Dudley's special day. Vernon: Hurry up! Bring my coffee, boy! Harry: Yes, Uncle Vernon. Petunia: Aren’t they wonderful, darling? Dudley: How many are there? Vernon: Thirty six. Counted 'em myself. Dudley: Thirty six?! But last year last year I had thirty seven!! Vernon: Err yes, well, some of them are quite a bit bigger than last year. Dudley: I don't care how big they are! Petunia: Oh, now, now, now. This is what we're going to do, is that when we go out, we're going to buy you two new presents! How's that, pumpkin? Petunia: This will be a lovely day at the zoo. I'm really looking forward to it. Vernon: I'm warning you now, boy. Any funny business, any at all, and you won't have any meals for a week. Get in. Dudley: Make it move. Vernon: Move! Dudley: MOVE! Harry: He's asleep! Dudley: He's boring. Harry: Sorry about him. He doesn't understand what it's like, lying there day after day, having people press their ugly faces in on you. Can you hear me? It's just I've never talked to a snake before. Do you I mean do you talk to people often? You're from Burma, aren't you? Was it nice there, do you miss your family? I see. That's me as well. I never knew my parents, either. Dudley: Mummy, dad, come here! You won't believe what this snake is doing! Dudley: Whoa! Ahh! Ahh!! Snake: Thanks. Harry: Anytime. Man: SNAKE! Dudley: Mum, mummy! Petunia: AHH! Dudley: Mum, help! Help me! Petunia: My darling boy! How did you get in there?! How did you get in there? Dursley, oh, Dursley! Letters from No One Petunia: It's all right. It's all right. Harry: Ow! Vernon: What happened?! Harry: I swear I don't know! One minute, the glass was there and then it was gone! It was like magic! Vernon: There's no such thing as magic! Petunia: Awww, smile. Vernon, just look at him. I can't believe it. In just a week you'll be off to Smeltings. Vernon: Caveat Smeltona. Proudest moment of my life. Harry: Will I have to wear that, too? Petunia: What, you? Go to Smeltings? Vernon: Ha! Petunia: Oh, don't be so stupid, you're going to the state school where you belong. And this is what you're gonna be wearing when I've finished dyeing it. Harry: But that's Dudley's old uniform. It'll fit me like bits of old Elephant skin. Petunia: It'll fit you well enough. Go get the post. Go! Vernon: Oh, Marge is ill! Ate a funny whelk. Dudley: Dad! Look! Harry's got a letter! Harry: Hey, give it back! It's mine! Vernon: Yours? Who'd be writing to you? Vernon: No more mail through this letterbox. Petunia: Have a lovely day at the office, dear. Vernon: Shoo! Go on! Vernon: Fine day Sunday. In my opinion, best day of the week. Why is that Dudley? Harry: Because there's no post on Sunday? Vernon: Ah, right you are, Harry. No post on Sunday. Ha! No blasted letters today. No, sir. Not one single bloody letter, not one. No, sir, not one blasted, miserable  Dudley: AHH! Make it stop! Please make it stop! Vernon: Go away, ahh! Dudley: What is it? Please tell me what's happening! Vernon: Give me that! Give me that letter! Harry: Get off! Ahh! Vernon: Ahh! Harry: They're my letters! Let go of me! Vernon: That's it! We're going away! Far away! Where they can't find us! Dudley: Daddy's gone mad, hasn't he?! Keeper of the Keys Harry: Make a wish, Harry. Vernon: Who's there? Ahh! Hagrid: Sorry 'bout that. Vernon: I demand that you leave at once, sir! You are breaking and entering! Hagrid: Dry up, Dursley, you great prune. Boy, I haven't seen you since you was a baby, Harry, but you're a bit more along than I would have expected. Particularly 'round the middle! Dudley: I I I'm not Harry. Harry: I I am. Hagrid: Oh, well, of course you are! Got something for ya. 'Fraid I might have sat on it at some point! I imagine that it'll taste fine just the same. Ahh. Baked it myself. Words and all. Heh. Harry: Thank you! Hagrid: It's not every day that your young man turns eleven, now is it? Harry: Excuse me, who are you? Hagrid: Rubeus Hagrid. Keeper of keys and grounds at Hogwarts. Course, you'll know all about Hogwarts. Harry: Sorry, no. Hagrid: No? Blimey, Harry, didn't you ever wonder where your mum and dad learned it all? Harry: Learned what? Hagrid: You're a wizard, Harry. Harry: I I'm a what? Hagrid: A wizard. And a thumping good one at that, I'd wager. Once you train up a little. Harry: No, you've made a mistake. I can't be a a wizard. I mean, I'm just  Harry. Just Harry. Hagrid: Well, just Harry. Did you ever make anything happen? Anything you couldn't explain when you were angry or scared? Ah. Harry: Dear, Mr. Potter. We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts' School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Vernon: He'll not be going! We swore when we took him in, we’d put a stop to this rubbish! Harry: You knew? You knew all along and you never told me? Petunia: Of course we knew. How could you not be? My perfect sister being who she was. Oh, my mother and father were so proud the day she got her letter. We have a witch in the family. Isn't it wonderful? I was the only one to see her for what she was. A freak! And then she met that Potter, and then she had you, and I knew you'd be just the same, just as strange, just as   abnormal. And then, if you please, she went and got herself blown up. And we got landed with you. Harry: Blown up? You told me my parents died in a car crash! Hagrid: A car crash? A car crash kill James and Lily Potter? Petunia: We had to tell him something. Hagrid: It's an outrage! It's a scandal! Vernon: He'll not be going! Hagrid: Oh, and I suppose a great Muggle like yourself's going to stop him, are you? Harry: Muggle? Hagrid: Non magic folk. This boy's had his name down ever since he was born! He's going to the finest school of witchcraft and wizardry in the world, and he'll be under the finest headmaster that Hogwarts has ever seen: Albus Dumbledore. Vernon: I will not pay for some crackpot old fool to teach him magic tricks! Hagrid: Never, insult Albus Dumbledore, in front of me. Dudley: Ahh! Hagrid: Oh, um, I'd appreciate if you didn't tell anyone at Hogwarts about that. Strictly speaking, I'm not allowed to do magic. Harry: Okay. Hagrid: Ooh, we're a bit behind schedule. Best be off. Unless you'd rather stay, of course. Hmm? Diagon Alley Harry: First year students will require: three sets of work robes, one wand. Hagrid: Essential bit of equipment, Harry. Harry: One pair of dragon hide gloves. Hagrid, do they mean for a real dragon? Hagrid: Well, they don't mean for a penguin, do they? Heh. Crikey, but not a dragon. Harry: But you like a dragon? Hagrid: Fast and misunderstood beasts, Harry. Fast and misunderstood. Harry: All students must be equipped with one standard size two pewter cauldron and may bring if they desire either an owl, a cat or a toad. Could we find all this in London? Hagrid: If you know where to go. Tom: Ah, Hagrid! The usual, I presume? Hagrid: No thanks, Tom. I'm on official Hogwarts business today. Just helping young Harry here buy his school supplies. Tom: Bless my soul. It's Harry Potter. Man: Welcome back, Mr. Potter, welcome back. Witch: Doris Crockford, Mr. Potter. I can't believe I'm meeting you at last. Quirrell: Harry P potter. C can't tell you how pleased I am to meet you. Hagrid: Hello, Professor. I didn't see you there. Harry, this is Professor Quirrell. He'll be your Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher at Hogwarts. Harry: Oh, nice to meet you. Quirrell: F fearfully fascinating subject. N not that you need it, e eh, Potter? Heheh. Hagrid: Yes, well, must be going now. Lots to buy. Heh. Harry: Goodbye. Hagrid: See, Harry, you're famous! Harry: But why am I famous, Hagrid? All those people back there, how is it they know who I am? Hagrid: I'm not exactly sure I'm the right person to tell you that, Harry. Welcome, Harry, to Diagon Alley. Here's where you'll get your quills and ink, and over there all your bits and bobs for doing your wizardry. Boy: It's a world class racing broom. Look at it, it’s the new Nimbus 2000! It's the fastest model yet. Gringotts Harry: But, Hagrid, how am I to pay for all this? I haven't any money. Hagrid: Well, there's your money, Harry. Gringotts, the Wizard Bank. T'aint no place safer, 'cept perhaps Hogwarts. Harry: Uh, Hagrid, what exactly are these things? Hagrid: They're goblins, Harry. Clever as they come goblins, but not the most friendly of beasts. Best stick close to me. Mr. Harry Potter wishes to make a withdrawal. Goblin: And does Mr. Harry Potter have his key? Hagrid: Oh. Wait a minute. Got it here somewhere. Hah. There's the little devil. Oh, and there's something else as well. Professor Dumbledore gave me this. It's about you know what in vault you know which. Goblin: Very well. Griphook: Vault 687. Lamp, please. Key please. Hagrid: Didn't think your mum and dad would leave you with nothing now, did ya? Griphook: Vault 713. Harry: What's in there, Hagrid? Hagrid: Can't tell you, Harry. It's Hogwarts business. Very secret. Griphook: Stand back. Hagrid: Best not mention this to anyone, Harry. Harry: I still need a wand. Hagrid: A wand? Well, you'll want Ollivanders. No place better. Run along there, but wait. I just got one more thing I got to do. Won't be long. Harry: Hello? Hello? Ollivander: I wondered when I'd be seeing you, Mr. Potter. It seems only yesterday that your mother and father were in here buying their first wands. Ah. Here we are. Well, give it a wave. Apparently not. Perhaps this. No, no, definitely not! No matter  I wonder. Curious, very curious. Harry: Sorry, but what's curious? Ollivander: I remember every wand I've ever sold, Mr. Potter. It just so happens that the phoenix, whose tail feather resides in your wand gave one other feather, just one. It is curious that you should be destined for this wand when its brother gave you that scar. Harry: And who owned that wand? Ollivander: Oh, we do not speak his name. The wand chooses the wizard, Mr. Potter. It's not always clear why, but I think it is clear that we can expect great things from you. After all, He Who Must Not Be Named did great things terrible, yes, but great. Hagrid: Harry! Harry! Happy birthday! Harry: Wow. The Boy Who Lived Hagrid: You all right, Harry? You seem very quiet. Harry: He killed my parents, didn't he? The one who gave me this. You know, Hagrid, I know you do. Hagrid: First, and understand this, Harry, 'cause it's very important. Not all wizards are good. Some of them go bad. A few years ago, there was one wizard who went as bad as you can go. And his name was V  his name was V   Harry: Maybe if you wrote it down? Hagrid: No, I can't spell it. All right. Voldemort. Harry: Voldemort? Hagrid: Shh!! Hagrid: It was dark times, Harry, dark times. Voldemort started to gather some followers, brought 'em over to the dark side. Anyone that stood up to him ended up dead. Your parents fought against him, but nobody lived once he decided to kill 'em. Nobody not one. ‘Cept you. Harry: Me? Voldemort tried to kill me? Hagrid: Yes. That ain't no ordinary cut on your forehead, Harry. A mark like that only comes from being touched by a curse and an evil curse at that. Harry: What happened to to You Know Who? Hagrid: Well, some say he died. Codswallop in my opinion. Nope, I reckon he's out there, still, too tired to go on. But one thing's absolutely certain. Something about you stumped him that night. That's why you're famous. That's why everybody knows your name. You're the boy who lived. Platform 9¾ Hagrid: What're you looking at? Blimey, is that the time? Sorry, Harry, I'm gonna have to leave you. Dumbledore'll be wanting his  well, he'll be wanting to see me. Now, uh, your train leaves in 10 minutes. Here's your ticket. Stick to it, Harry that's very important. Stick to your ticket. Harry: Platform 9¾? But, Hagrid, there must be a mistake. This says Platform 9¾. There's no such thing is there? Man: Sorry. Harry: Excuse me, excuse me. Guard: Right on your left, ma'am. Harry: Excuse me, sir. Can you tell me where I might find Platform 9¾? Guard: 9¾? Think you're being funny, do ya? Mrs. Weasley: It's the same year after year. Always packed with Muggles, of course. Harry: Muggles? Mrs. Weasley: Come on. Platform 9¾ this way! All right, Percy, you first. Mrs. Weasley: Fred, you next. George: He's not Fred, I am! Fred: Honestly, woman, you call yourself our mother. Mrs. Weasley: Oh, I'm sorry, George. Fred: I'm only joking. I am Fred. Harry: Excuse me! C could you tell me how to  Mrs. Weasley: How to get on the platform? Yes, not to worry, dear. It's Ron's first time to Hogwarts as well. Now, all you've got to do is walk straight at the wall between platforms 9 and 10. Best do it at a bit of a run if you're nervous. Ginny: Good luck. Ron and Hermione Ron: Excuse me, do you mind? Everywhere else is full. Harry: No, not at all. Ron: I'm Ron, by the way. Ron Weasley. Harry: I'm Harry. Harry Potter. Ron: So so it's true? I mean, do you really have the the  Harry: The what? Ron: Scar ? Harry: Oh Ron: Wicked. Woman: Anything off the trolley, dears? Ron: No, thanks, I'm all set. Harry: We'll take the lot! Ron: Whoa! Harry: Bertie Bott's Every Flavour Beans? Ron: They mean every flavour! There's chocolate and peppermint, and there's also spinach, liver and tripe. George sweared he got a bogey flavoured one once! Harry: These aren't real chocolate frogs, are they? Ron: It's just a spell. Besides, it's the cards you want. Each pack's got a famous witch or wizard. I got about 500 meself. Watch it! Oh, that's rotten luck. They've only got one good jump in them to begin with. Harry: I got Dumbledore! Ron: I got about 6 of him. Harry: Hey, he's gone! Ron: Well, you can't expect him to hang around all day, can you? This is Scabbers, by the way, pathetic, isn't he? Harry: A little. Ron: Fred gave me a spell as to turn him yellow. Want to see? Harry: Yeah! Ron: Ahem. Sun  Hermione: Has anyone seen a toad? A boy named Neville's lost one. Ron: No. Hermione: Oh, are you doing magic? Let's see then. Ron: Sunshine, daises, butter mellow, turn this stupid fat rat yellow! Hermione: Are you sure that's a real spell? Well, it's not very good, is it? Of course I've only tried a few simple spells myself, and they've all worked for me. For example  Oculus Reparo. That's better, isn't it? Holy Cricket, you're Harry Potter. I'm Hermione Granger and you are ? Ron: I'm Ron Weasley. Hermione: Pleasure. You two better change into your robes. I expect we'll be arriving soon. You've got dirt, on your nose, by the way, did you know? Just there. Welcome to Hogwarts Hagrid: Right, then! First years! This way, please! Come on, now, don't be shy! Come on now, hurry up! Hagrid: Hello, Harry. Harry: Hey, Hagrid. Ron: Whoaa! Hagrid: Right then. This way to the boats! Come on, now, follow me. Ron: Wicked. McGonagall: Welcome to Hogwarts. Now, in a few moments, you will pass through these doors and join your classmates. But before you can take your seats, you must be sorted into your houses. They are Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Now while you’re here, your house will be like your family. Your triumphs will earn you house points. Any rule breaking, and you will lose points. At the end of the year, the house with the most points is awarded the house cup. Neville: Trevor! Sorry. McGonagall: The sorting ceremony will begin momentarily. Draco: It's true then, what they're saying on the train. Harry Potter has come to Hogwarts. This is Crabbe and Goyle. And I'm Malfoy Draco Malfoy. Think my name's funny, do you? No need to ask yours. Red hair, and a hand me down robe? You must be a Weasley. Well, soon find that some wizarding families are better than others, Potter. Don’t want to go making friends with the wrong sort. I can help you there. Harry: I think I can tell who the wrong sort are for myself, thanks. McGonagall: We're ready for you now. Follow me. The Sorting Hat Hermione: It's not real, the ceiling. It's just bewitched to look like the night sky. I read about it in Hogwarts: A History. McGonagall: Will you wait along here, please? Now, before we begin, Professor Dumbledore would like to say a few words. Dumbledore: I have a few start of term notices I wish to announce. The first years please note that the dark forest is strictly forbidden to all students. Also, our caretaker, Mr. Filch has asked me to remind you that the 3rd floor corridor on the right hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to die a most painful death. Thank you. McGonagall: When I call your name, you will come forth, I shall place the sorting hat on your head, and you will be sorted into your houses. Hermione Granger. Hermione: Oh, no. Okay, relax. Ron: Mental that one, I'm telling you. Sorting Hat: Ah, right then hmm right. Okay Gryffindor!! McGonagall: Draco Malfoy. Sorting Hat: SLYTHERIN! Ron: There isn't a witch or wizard who went bad who wasn’t in Slytherin. McGonagall: Susan Bones. Harry: Ahh! Ron: Harry, what is it? Harry: Nothing  nothing, I'm fine. Sorting Hat: Let's see I know Hufflepuff! McGonagall: Ronald Weasley. Sorting Hat: Ha! Another Weasley. I know just what to do with you  Gryffindor!! McGonagall: Harry Potter. Sorting Hat: Hmm difficult, very difficult. Plenty of courage I see, not a bad mind, either. There's talent, oh yes, and a thirst to prove yourself. But where to put you? Harry: Not Slytherin. Not Slytherin. Sorting Hat: Not Slytherin, eh? Are you sure? You could be great, you know. It’s all here in your head. And Slytherin will help you on the way to greatness! There's no doubt about that. No? Harry Not Slytherin anything but Slytherin. Sorting Hat: Well, if you're sure  better be  GRYFFINDOR!! Fred and George: We got Potter! We got Potter! Nick and Other Residents McGonagall: Your attention, please. Dumbledore: Let the feast begin. Harry: Wow. Seamus: I'm half and half. Me dad's a Muggle. Mam's a witch. Bit of a nasty shock for him when he found out. Harry: Say, Percy, who's that teacher talking to Professor Quirrell? Percy: Oh, that's Professor Snape, head of Slytherin house. Harry: What's he teach? Percy: Potions. But everyone knows it's the Dark Arts he fancies. He's been after Quirrell’s job for years. Ron: Ahh! Nick: Hello! How are you? Welcome to Gryffindor. Bloody Baron: Whoo hoo hoo! Girl: Look, it’s the Bloody Baron! Percy: Hello, Sir Nicholas. Have a nice summer? Nick: Dismal. Once again, my request to join the headless hunt has been denied. Ron: I know you! You're Nearly Headless Nick! Nick: I prefer Sir Nicholas if you don't mind. Hermione: Nearly headless? How can you be nearly headless? Nick: Like this. Ron: Ahh! Percy: Gryffindors, follow me, please. Keep up. Thank you. Boy: Ravenclaws, follow me. This way. Percy: This is the most direct path to the dormitories. Oh, and keep an eye on the staircases they like to change. Percy: Keep up, please, and follow me. Quickly now, come on. Come on. Neville: Seamus, that picture's moving! Ron: Look at that one, Harry! Harry: I think she fancies you. Girl: Oh, look! Look! Who's that girl? Man in a painting: Welcome to Hogwarts. Girl: Who's that? The Fat Lady: Password? Percy: Caput Draconis. Follow me, everyone. Keep up, quickly, come on. Girl: Oh, wow. Percy: Gather 'round here. Welcome to the Gryffindor Common Room. Boy's dormitories, upstairs and down to your left. Girls, the same on your right. You'll find that your belongings have already been brought up. Potions and Parcels Ron: Whew, we made it. Can you imagine the look on McGonagall's face if we were late? Ron: That was bloody brilliant. McGonagall: Thank you for that assessment, Mr. Weasley. Perhaps if I were to transfigure Mr. Potter and yourself into a pocketwatch, that way one of you might be on time. Harry: We got lost. McGonagall: Then perhaps a map? I trust you don't need one to find your seats. Snape: There will be no foolish wand waving or silly incantations in this class. As such, I don't expect many of you to appreciate the subtle science and exact art that is potion making. However, for those select few  who possess the predisposition, I can teach you how to bewitch the mind and ensnare the senses. I can tell you how to bottle fame, brew glory and even put a stopper  in death. Then again, maybe some of you have come to Hogwarts in possession of abilities so formidable that you feel confidant enough to not pay attention. Mr. Potter. Our new celebrity. Tell me, what would I get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood? You don't know? Well, let's try again. Where, Mr. Potter, would you look if I asked you to find me a bezoar? Harry: I don't know, sir. Snape: And what is the difference between monkshood and wolfbane? Harry: I don't know, sir. Snape: Pity. Clearly, fame isn't everything  is it, Mr. Potter? Harry: Clearly, Hermione knows. Since it's a pity not to ask her. Snape: Silence. And put her hand down, you silly girl. For your information, Potter  asphodel and wormwood make a sleeping potion so powerful, it is known as the Draught of Living Death. A bezoar is a stone taken from the stomach of a goat and it will save you from most poisons. As for monkshood and wolfsbane, they are the same plant, which also goes by the name of aconite. Well? Why aren't you all copying this down? And Gryffindors, note that five points, will be taken from your house  for your classmate's cheek. Seamus: Eye of rabbit, harp string hum. Turn this water, into rum. Eye of rabbit, harp string hum  Harry: What's Seamus trying to do to that glass of water? Ron: Turn it into rum. Actually managed a weak tea yesterday, before  Ron: Ah. Mail's here! Harry: Can I borrow this? Thanks. Seamus: Hey, look! Neville's got a Remembrall! Hermione: I've read about those. When the smoke turns red, it means you've forgotten something. Neville: The only problem is, I can't remember what I've forgotten. Harry: Hey, Ron, somebody broke into Gringotts, listen. Believed to be the work of dark witches or wizards unknown, Gringotts goblins, while acknowledging the breach, insist that nothing was taken. The vault in question, number 713, had in fact been emptied earlier that same day. That's odd. That's the vault Hagrid and I went to. New Seeker Hooch: Good afternoon, class. Class: Good afternoon, Madam Hooch. Hooch: Good afternoon, Amanda, good afternoon. Welcome to your first flying lesson. Well, what are you waiting for? Everyone step up to the left side of their broomstick. Come on now, hurry up. Stick your right hand over the broom and say, up! Class: Up! Harry: Wow. Draco: Up! Hooch: With feeling! Hermione: Up. Up. Up. Up. Ron: Up!! Ooh! Shut up, Harry. Hooch: Now, once you've got hold of your broom, I want you to mount it. And grip it tight, you don't want to be sliding off the end. When I blow my whistle, I want each of you to kick off from the ground, hard. Keep your broom steady, hover for a moment, and then lean forward slightly and touch back down. On my whistle 3 2  Neville: Oh  Hooch: Mr. Longbottom. Girl: Neville, what are you doing? Students: Neville Neville  Boy: We're not supposed to take off, yet. Hooch: M M Mr. Longbottom! Mr. Longbottom! Neville: AHH! Hooch: Mr. Longbottom! Neville: Down! Down! Ahhhh! Harry: Neville! Neville: Help!!! Hooch: Come back down this instant! Neville: AHH! Neville: Help! Hooch: Mr. Longbottom ! Neville: Ahhhh! Whoa! Ahhh! Oh. Ah help! Ahh! Hooch: Everyone out of the way! Come on, get up. Girl: Is he alright? Neville: Owowowow. Hooch: Oh, oh, oh, oh dear. It's a broken wrist. Tch, tch, tch. Good boy, come on now, up you get. Everyone's to keep their feet firmly on the ground while I take Mr. Longbottom to the hospital wing. Understand? If I see a single broom in the air, the one riding it will find themselves out of Hogwarts before they can say, Quidditch. Draco: Did you see his face? Maybe if the fat lump had given this a squeeze, he'd have remembered to fall on his fat arse. Harry: Give it here, Malfoy. Draco: No. I think I'll leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find. How 'bout up on the roof? What's the matter, Potter? Bit beyond your reach? Hermione: Harry, no way! You heard what Madam Hooch said! Besides, you don't even know how to fly. What an idiot. Harry: Give it here, Malfoy, or I'll knock you off your broom! Draco: Is that so? Have it your way, then! Boy: Good job, Harry! Boy 2: Oh, that was wicked, Harry. McGonagall: Harry Potter? Follow me. Quirrell: An iguana s such as this is  McGonagall: You wait here. Quirrell:  an essential in gredient. McGonagall: Professor Quirrell, excuse me, excuse me. Could I borrow Wood for a moment, please? Quirrell: Oh. Y yes, of course. And the vampire b bat  McGonagall: Potter, this is Oliver Wood. Wood, I have found you a Seeker! Nick: Have you heard? Harry Potter's the new Gryffindor Seeker. I always knew he'd do well. Ron: Seeker? But first years never make their house teams! You must be the youngest Quidditch player in  Harry: A century, according to McGonagall. Fred: Hey, well done, Harry, Wood's just told us! Ron: Fred and George are on the team, too. Beaters. George: Our job is to make sure that you don't get bloodied up too bad. Can't make any promises, of course. Rough game, Quidditch. Fred: Brutal. But no one's died in years. Someone will vanish occasionally  George: But they'll turn up in a month or two! Ron: Oh, go on, Harry, Quidditch is great. Best game there is! And you'll be great, too! Harry: But I've never even played Quidditch. What if I make a fool of myself? Hermione: You won't make a fool of yourself. It's in your blood. Ron: Whoa. Harry, you never told me your father was a Seeker, too. Harry: I I didn't know. Three Headed Sentinel Ron: I'm telling you, it's spooky. She knows more about you than you do. Harry: Who doesn't? Ron: Ahh! Harry: What's happening? Hermione: The staircases change, remember? Harry: Let's go this way. Ron: Before the staircase moves again. Harry: Does anyone feel like we shouldn't be here? Hermione: We're not supposed to be here. This is the 3rd floor. It's forbidden. Harry: Let's go. Ron: It's Filch's cat! Harry: Run! Harry: Quick! Let’s hide though that door! Harry: It's locked! Ron: That's it, we're done for! Hermione: Oh, move over! Alohomora. Get in. Ron: Alohomora? Hermione: Standard book of spells, Chapter 7. Filch: Anyone here, my sweet? Come on. Hermione: Filch is gone. Ron: Probably thinks this door's locked. Hermione: It was locked. Harry: And for good reason. All: AHHHHHHH! Ron: What do they think they're doing?? Keeping a thing like that locked up in a school. Hermione: You don't use your eyes, do you? Didn't you see what it was standing on? Ron: I wasn't looking at its feet! I was a bit preoccupied with its heads. Or maybe you didn't notice, there were three! Hermione: It was standing on a trap door. Which means it wasn't there by accident. It's guarding something. Harry: Guarding something? Hermione: That's right. Now, if you two don't mind, I'm going to bed before either of you come up with another clever idea to get us killed  or worse, expelled! Ron: She needs to sort out her priorities! Facts and Feathers Oliver: Quidditch is easy enough to understand. Each time has seven players, 3 chasers, 2 beaters, 1 keeper and a seeker. That's you. There are three kinds of balls. This one's called the Quaffle. Now, the chasers handle the Quaffle and try to put it through one of those three hoops. The keeper, that's me, defends the hoops. With me so far? Harry: I think so. What are those? Oliver: You better take this. Careful now, it's comin' back. Eh, not bad, Potter, you'd make a fair beater  Uh oh. Harry: What is that? Oliver: Bludger. Nasty little buggers. But you are the seeker, and the only thing I want you to worry about is this  the Golden Snitch. Harry: I like this ball. Oliver: Ah, you like it now. Just wait. It's wicked fast and darn near impossible to see. Harry: What do I do with it? Oliver: You catch it  before the other team's seeker. You catch this, the game is over. You catch this, Potter, and we win. Harry: Whoa. Flitwick: One of a wizard's most rudimentary skills is levitation the ability to make objects fly. Uh, do you all have your feathers? Good. Now, uh, don't forget the nice wrist movement we've been practicing, hmm? The swish and flick. Everyone. All (including Flitwick): The swish and flick. Flitwick: Good. And enunciate. Wingardium Leviosa. Off you go then. Draco: Wingardium Levio saaa. Ron: Wingardrium Leviosar! Hermione: Stop, stop, stop. You're going to take someone's eye out. Besides, you're saying it wrong. It's Levi o sa, not Leviosar. Ron: You do it then if you're so clever. Go on, go on. Hermione: Wingardium Leviosa. Flitwick: Oh, well done! See here, everyone! Ms. Granger's done it! Oh, splendid! Seamus: Wingard Levosa. Flitwick: Well done, dear. Flitwick: Whooaaa! Ooh. Harry: I think we're going to need another feather over here, Professor. Ron: It's Levioooosa, not Leviosaaaar. She's a nightmare, honestly. No wonder she hasn't got any friends! Harry: I think she heard you. Mountain Troll Harry: Where's Hermione? Neville: Parvati Patil said that she wouldn't come out of the girl's bathroom. She said that she'd been in there all afternoon crying. Quirrell: TROLL! IN THE DUNGEON! T TROOLLL IN THE DUNGEON!! Thought you ought to know. Dumbledore: SILLLLLEEENNNNCEEEEE! Everyone will please, not panic. Now, Prefects will lead their houses back to the dormitories. Teachers will follow me to the dungeons. Girl: Hufflepuff, this way! Boy: Stay together! Percy: Gryffindors, keep up please. And stay alert! Harry: How could a troll get in? Ron: Not by itself. Trolls are really stupid. Probably people playing jokes. What? Harry: Hermione! She doesn't know! Ron: I think the troll's left the dungeon! Harry: It’s going into the Girl's Bathroom! Harry: Hermione, move! Hermione: Help! Help! Ron: Hey, pea brain! Hermione: Ahhh! Help! Harry: Whooa! Whoa, whoa! Ron: Ew. Harry: Whoa, whoa whoa! Harry: Do something! Ron: What? Harry: Anything! Hurry up! Hermione: Swish and flick! Ron: Wingardium Leviosa! Cool. Hermione: Is it dead? Harry: I don't think so. Just knocked out. Ew. Troll bogies. McGonagall: Oh! Oh, my goodness! E Explain yourselves, both of you! Ron and Harry: Well, what it is  Hermione: It's my fault, Professor McGonagall. McGonagall: Miss Granger? Hermione: I went looking for the troll. I'd read about them and thought I could handle it. But I was wrong. If Harry and Ron hadn't come and found me I'd probably be dead. McGonagall: Be that as it may be it was an extremely foolish thing to do. I would have expected more rational behavior on your part, Miss Granger. Five points will be taken from Gryffindor for your serious lack of judgment. As for you two gentlemen I just hope you realize how fortunate you are. Not many students could take on a fully grown mountain troll and live to tell the tale. Five points will be awarded to each of you. For sheer dumb luck. Quirrell: Perhaps you ought to go M might wake up heh. Ahh! Hehe . Harry: Good for you to get us out of trouble like that. Ron: Mind you, I mean, we did save her life. Harry: Mind you, she didn't need saving if you hadn't insulted her. Ron: What are friends for? Quidditch Ron: Take a bit of toast, mate, go on. Hermione: Ron's right, Harry. You're gonna need your strength today. Harry: I'm not hungry. Snape: Good luck today, Potter. Then again, now that you've proven yourself against a troll, a little game of Quidditch should be easy work for you even if it is against Slytherin. Harry: That explains the blood. Hermione: Blood? Harry: Listen, last night, I'm guessing Snape let the troll in as a diversion so he could try and get past that 3 headed dog. But, he got himself bitten, that's why he's limping. Hermione: But why would anyone go near that dog? Harry: The day I was at Gringotts, Hagrid took something out of one of the vaults. He said it was Hogwarts' business, very secret. Hermione: So you're saying  Harry: That's what the dog's guarding. That's what Snape wants. Hermione: Bit early for mail, isn't it? Harry: But I I never get mail. Ron: Let's open it. Harry: It's a broomstick! Ron: Thats not just any broomstick, Harry. It's a Nimbus 2000! Harry: But who ? Oliver: Scared, Harry? Harry: A little. Oliver: That's all right. I felt the same way before my first game. Harry: What happened? Oliver: Er, I don't really remember. I took a bludger to the head 2 minutes in. Woke up in the hospital a week later. Lee: Hello, and welcome to Hogwarts' first Quidditch game of the season! Today's game Slytherin versus Gryffindor!!! Neville: Gryffindor! Lee: The players take their positions as Madam Hooch steps out onto the field to begin the game. Hooch: Now, I want a nice clean game from all of you. Lee: The bludgers are up followed by the Golden Snitch. Remember, the snitch is worth 150 points. The seeker who catches the Snitch ends the game. Lee: The Quaffle is released and the game begins! Lee: Angelina Johnson scores! 10 points for Gryffindor! Harry: Yes! Whoa! Hagrid: Well done! Lee: Slytherin takes possession of the Quaffle. Bletchley passes to Captain Marcus Flint. Ron and Seamus: Yay! Harry: Yes! Lee: Another 10 points to Gryffindor! Gryffindors: Yay! Flint: Give me that! Flint: Take that side! Interference Overcome Harry: Whoa! Whooa! Hagrid: What's going on with Harry's broomstick? Hermione: It's Snape! He's jinxing the broom! Ron: Jinxing the broom? What do we do? Hermione: Leave it to me. Ron: Come on, Hermione! Hermione: Lacarnum Inflamarae. Man: Fire! You're on fire! Snape: What? Oh! Ron: Go! Hagrid: Go go go! Hagrid: Looks like he's gonna be sick! Lee: He's got the Snitch! Harry Potter receives 150 points for catching the Snitch! Hooch: Gryffindor win! Draco: No! Hagrid: Yes! Hermione: Whoo hoo! Crowd: Go go Gryffindor! Go go Gryffindor! Go go Gryffindor! Go go Gryffindor! Christmas Gift Hagrid: Nonsense! Why would Snape put a curse on Harry’s broom? Harry: Who knows? Why was he trying to get past that three headed dog on Halloween? Hagrid: Who told you ‘bout Fluffy? Ron: Fluffy? Hermione: That thing has a name? Hagrid: Well, of course he's got a name. He's mine. I bought him off an Irish feller I met down at the pub last year. Then I lent him to Dumbledore to guard the.. Harry: Yes? Hagrid: Shouldn’t have said that. No more questions! Don’t ask any more questions. That's top secret, that is. Harry: But, Hagrid, whatever Fluffy's guarding, Snape's trying to steal it. Hagrid: Codswallop. Professor Snape is a Hogwarts teacher. Hermione: Hogwarts teacher or not, I know a spell when I see one. I've read all about them. You've got to keep eye contact and Snape wasn't blinking. Harry: Exactly. Hagrid: Now, you listen to me, all three of you. You're meddling in things that ought not to be meddled in. It's dangerous. What that dog is guarding is strictly between Dumbledore and Nicholas Flamel. Harry: Nicholas Flamel? Hagrid: I shouldn't said that. I should not have said that. Harry: Nicholas Flamel. Who's Nicholas Flamel? Hermione: I don't know. Ghosts: Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. Ring the Hogwart bell. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas  Harry: Knight to E5. Ron: Queen to E5. Hermione: That's totally barbaric! Ron: That's wizard's chess. I see you've packed. Hermione: See you haven't. Ron: Change of plans, my parents decided to go to Romania to visit my brother Charlie. He's studying dragons there. Hermione: Good, you can help Harry, then. He's going to go and look in the library for information on Nicholas Flamel. Ron: We've looked a hundred times. Hermione: Not in the restricted section. Happy Christmas. Ron: I think we've had a bad influence on her. Ron: Harry wake up! Come on Harry, wake up! Ron: Happy Christmas, Harry. Harry: Happy Christmas, Ron. What are you wearing? Ron: Oh. My mum made it. It looks like you've got one too. Harry: I I've got presents? Ron: Yeah! Ron: There they are. Harry: Your father left this in my possession before he died. It is time it was returned to you. Use it well. Ron: What is it? Harry: It's some kind of cloak. Ron: Well, let's see then, put it on. Ron: Whoa! Harry: My body's gone! Ron: I know what that is. That's an invisibility cloak. Harry: I'm invisible? Ron: They're really rare. I wonder who gave it to you? Harry: There was no name. It just said use it well. Cloaked in darkness Harry: Famous fire eaters 15th Century Fiends Flamel Nicholas Flamel where are you? Filch: Who's there?! I know you're in there. You can't hide. Who is it? Show yourself! Quirrell: Severus I I thought  Snape: You don't want me as your enemy, Quirrell. Quirrell: W what do you m mean? Snape: You know perfectly well what I mean. We'll have another chat soon when you've had time to decide where your loyalties lie. Filch: Oh, Professors. I found this, in the Restricted Section. It's still hot. That means there's a student out of bed. The Mirror of Erised Harry: Mum? Dad? Harry: Ron! You've really got to see this! Ron! You've got to see this! Ron, Ron, come on. Get out of bed! Ron: Why? Harry: There's something you've got to see. Now, come on! Harry: Come on. Come. Come look, it's my parents! Ron: I only see me. Harry: Look in properly. Go on. Stand there. There. You see them, don't you? That’s my dad Ron: That's me! Only, I'm head boy and I'm holding the Quidditch cup! And bloody hell, I'm Quidditch Captain too! I look good. Harry, do you think this mirror shows the future? Harry: How can it? Both my parents are dead. George: Do you like yours, Ron? Ron? Ron: I'll be right back. Want to play chess? Harry: No. Ron: We go and visit Hagrid? Harry: No. Ron: Harry, I know what you're thinking, but don't. There's something not quite right about that mirror. Dumbledore: Back again, Harry? I see that you, like so many before you, have discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised. I trust by now you realize what it does. Let me give you a clue. The happiest man on earth would look into the mirror and see only himself, exactly as he is. Harry: So, then it shows us what we want? Whatever we want? Dumbledore: Yes and no. It shows us nothing more or less than the deepest, most desperate desires of our hearts. Now you, who have never known your family, you see them standing beside you. But remember this, Harry. This mirror gives us neither knowledge or truth. Men have wasted away in front of it, even gone mad. That is why tomorrow it will be moved to a new home, and I must ask you not to go looking for it again. It does not do to dwell on dreams, Harry, and forget to live. Norbert Harry: Hi, Hedwig. Hermione: Look at you playing with your cards. Pathetic! We've got final exams coming up soon. Ron: I'm ready! Ask me any question. Hermione: All right, what are the three most crucial ingredients in a Forgetfulness Potion? Ron:  I forgot. Hermione: And what, may I ask, do you plan to do if this comes up in the final exam? Ron: Copy off you? Hermione: No, you won't! Besides, according to Professor McGonagall, we're to be given special quills bewitched with an anti cheating spell. Ron: That's insulting! It's as if they don't trust us! Dumbledore again! Ron: Leg Locker Curse? Harry: Malfoy. Ron: You have got to start standing up to people, Neville. Neville: How? I can barely stand at all! Seamus: I'll do the counter curse!  Neville: No, that's all I need  you to set my bloody kneecaps on fire! Seamus: I don't appreciate the insinuation, Longbottom. Besides, if anyone cares to notice, my eyebrows have completely grown back! Harry: I found him! Ron: 'Dumbledore is particularly famous for his defeat of the Dark" Wizard Grindelwald in 1945–' Harry: Go on. Ron: ' for his discovery of the 12 uses of Dragon Blood, and his work on alchemy with his partner Nicolas Flamel!' Harry: I knew the name sounded familiar. I read it on the train that day. Hermione: Follow me!  Neville: Hey, wait, where are you going? What about the counter curse?! Hermione: I had you looking in the wrong section! How could I be so stupid? I checked this out a few weeks ago for a bit of light reading. Ron: This is light? Hermione: Of course! Here it is! "Nicholas Flamel is the only known maker of the Philosopher's Stone!" Ron and Harry: The what? Hermione: Honestly, don't you two read? "The Philosopher's Stone is a legendary substance with astonishing powers. It will turn any metal into pure gold and produces the Elixir of Life, which will make the drinker immortal." Ron: Immortal? Hermione: It means you'll never die. Ron: I know what it means! Harry: Shh! Hermione: "The only stone currently in existence belongs to Mr. Nicholas Flamel, the noted alchemist, who last year celebrated his 665th birthday!" That's what Fluffy's guarding on the 3rd floor. That's what's under the trapdoor the Philosopher's Stone! Harry: Hagrid! Hagrid: Oh, hello. Sorry, don't wish to be rude, but I'm in no fit state to entertain today. All three: We know about the Philosopher's Stone! Hagrid: Oh. Harry: We think Snape's trying to steal it. Hagrid: Snape? Blimey, Harry, you're not still on about him, are you? Harry: Hagrid, we know he's after the Stone. We just don't know why. Hagrid: Snape is one of the teachers protecting the Stone! He's not about to steal it! Harry: What? Hagrid: You heard. Right. Come on, now, I'm a bit preoccupied today. Harry: Wait a minute. One of the teachers? Hermione: Of course! There are other things defending the Stone, aren't there? Spells, enchantments. Hagrid: That's right. Waste of bloody time, if you ask me. Ain't no one gonna get past Fluffy. Hehe, not a soul knows how. Except for me and Dumbledore. I shouldn't have told you that. I shouldn't have told you that. Oh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Harry: Uh, Hagrid, what exactly is that? Hagrid: That? It's a   its um  Ron: I know what that is! But Hagrid, how did you get one? Hagrid: I won it. Off a stranger I met down at a pub. Seemed quite glad to be rid off it, as a matter of fact. Hermione: Is that a dragon? Ron: That's not just a dragon. That's a Norwegian Ridgeback! My brother Charlie works with these in Romania. Hagrid: Isn't he beautiful? Oh. Bless him, look. He knows his mummy. Hehe. Hallo, Norbert. Harry: Norbert? Hagrid: Yeah, well, he's got to have a name, doesn't he? Don't you, Norbert? Dededede. Hagrid: Ohh! Oooh, ooh, ooh, well he'll have to be trained up a bit, of course. Who's that? Harry: Malfoy. Hagrid: Oh, dear. Harry: Hagrid always wanted a dragon. He told me so the first time I met him. Ron: It's crazy. And worse, Malfoy knows. Harry: I don't understand. Is that bad? Ron: It's bad. McGonagall: Good evening. McGonagall: Nothing, I repeat, nothing gives a student the right to walk about the school at night. Therefore, as punishment for your actions, 50 points will be taken. Harry: 50?! McGonagall: Each. And to ensure it doesn't happen again, all four of you will receive detention. Draco: Excuse me, Professor. Perhaps I heard you wrong. I thought you said "the four of us." McGonagall: No, you heard me correctly, Mr. Malfoy. You see, as honorable as your intentions were, you too were out of bed after hours. You will serve detention with your classmates. The Forbidden Forest Filch: A pity they let the old punishments die. There was a time detention would find you hanging by your thumbs in the dungeons. God, I miss the screaming. You'll be serving detention with Hagrid tonight. He's got a little job to do inside the dark forest. A sorry lot this, Hagrid. Oh, good God, man, you're not still on about that bloody dragon, are you? Hagrid: Norbert's gone. Dumbledore sent him off to Romania to live in a colony. Hermione: Well, that's good, isn't it? He'll be with his own kind. Hagrid: Yeah, but what if he don't like Romania? {Filch rolls eyes.} What if the other dragons are mean to him? He's only a baby, after all. Filch: Oh, for gosh sake, pull yourself together, man. You're going into the forest, after all. Got to have your wits about you. Draco: The forest? I thought that was a joke! We can't go in there. Students aren't allowed. And there are  ..werewolves! Filch: There's more than werewolves in those trees, lad. You can be sure of that. Nighty night. Hagrid: Right. Let's go. Harry: Hagrid, what's that? Hagrid: What we're here for. See that? That's unicorn's blood, that is. I found one dead a few weeks ago. Now, this one's been injured bad by something. So, it's our job to find the poor beast. Ron, Hermione, you'll come with me. Ron: Okay. Hagrid: And Harry, you'll go with Malfoy. Draco: Okay. Then I get Fang! Hagrid: Fine. Just so you know, he's a bloody coward. Draco: You wait till my father hears about this. This is servant's stuff. Harry: If I didn't know better, Draco, I'd say you were scared. Draco: Scared, Potter?! Did you hear that? Come on, Fang. Scared. Harry: What is it, Fang? Draco: HELP!!!!! Firenze: Harry Potter, you must leave. You are known to many creatures here. The forest is not safe at this time. Especially for you. Harry: But what was that thing you saved me from? Firenze: A monstrous creature. It is a terrible crime to slay a unicorn. Drinking the blood of a unicorn will keep you alive even if you are an inch from death. But at a terrible price. You have slain something so pure that the moment the blood touches your lips, you will have a half life. A cursed life. Harry: But who would choose such a life? Firenze: Can you think of no one? Harry: Do you mean to say that that thing that killed the unicorn that was drinking its blood that was Voldemort? Firenze: Do you know what is hidden in the school at this very moment? Harry: The Philosopher's Stone. Hermione: Harry! Hagrid: Hello there, Firenze. I see you've met our young Mr. Potter. You all right there, Harry? Firenze: Harry Potter, this is where I leave you. You're safe now. Good luck. Up to Something Hermione: You mean You Know Who's out there, right now, in the forest? Harry: But he's weak. He's living off the unicorns. Don't you see? We had it wrong! Snape doesn't want the Stone for himself; he wants the Stone for Voldemort. With the Elixir of Life, Voldemort will be strong again. He'll  he'll come back. Ron: But, if he comes back, you don't think he'll try to  kill you, do you? Harry: I think if he'd had the chance, he might've tried to kill me tonight. Ron: And to think I've been worrying about my Potions final. Hermione: Hang on a minute. We're forgetting one thing. Who's the one wizard Voldemort always feared? Dumbledore. As long as Dumbledore's around, Harry, you're safe. As long as Dumbledore's around, you can't be touched. Harry: You? No. I it can’t be. Snape, h he was the one—  Quirrell: Yes. He does seem the type, doesn’t he? Next to him, who would suspect p p p poor st stuttering Professor Quirrell? Harry: But but that day, during the Quidditch match, Snape tried to kill me. Quirrell: No, dear boy. I tried to kill you. And trust me, if Snape’s cloak hadn’t caught fire and broken my eye contact, I would have succeeded, even with Snape muttering his little countercurse. Harry: Snape was trying to save me? Quirrell: I knew you were a danger to me right from the off. Especially after Halloween. Harry: Then then you let the troll in. Quirrell: Very good, Potter, yes. Snape, unfortunately, wasn’t fooled. While everyone else was running about the dungeon, he went to the third floor to head me off. He, of course, never trusted me again. He rarely left me alone. But he doesn’t understand. I’m never alone, never. Now, what does this mirror do? I see what I desire. I see myself holding the stone. But how do I get it? Unseen Inhuman Voice: Use the boy. Quirrell: Come here, Potter. Now! Tell me  what do you see? What is it? What do you see? Harry: I I’m shaking hands with Dumbledore. I’ve won the House Cup. Unseen Inhuman Voice: He lies. Quirrell: Tell the truth! What do you see?! Unseen Inhuman Voice: Let me speak to him. Quirrell: Master, you are not strong enough. Unseen Inhuman Voice: I have strength enough for this. Voldemort: Harry Potter, we meet again. Harry: Voldemort. Voldemort: Yes. You see what I’ve become? See what I must do to survive? Live off another, a mere parasite. Unicorn blood can sustain me, but it cannot give me a body of my own. But there is something that can, something that, conveniently enough, lies in your pocket. Magic Touch Voldemort: Stop him. Don't be a fool! Why suffer a horrific death when you can join me and live?! Harry: Never! Voldemort: Haha. Bravery. Your parents had it too. Tell me, Harry, would you like to see your mother and father again? Together, we can bring them back. All I ask for is something in return. That's it, Harry. There is no good and evil. There is only power, and those too weak to seek it. Together, we'll do extraordinary things. Just give me the stone! Harry: You liar! Voldemort: Kill him! Quirrell: Ahh! Ahh! What is this magic? Voldemort: Fool! Get the stone! Mark of Love Dumbledore: Good afternoon, Harry. Ah. Tokens from your admirers? Harry: Admirers? Dumbledore: What happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a complete secret, so, naturally, the whole school knows. Ah, I see your friend Ronald has saved you the trouble of opening your Chocolate Frogs. Harry: Ron was here? Is he all right? What about Hermione? Dumbledore: Fine. They're both just fine. Harry: But, what happened to the Stone? Dumbledore: Relax, dear boy. The stone has been destroyed. My friend Nicholas and I had a little chat and agreed it was best all around. Harry: But Flamel, he'll die, won't he? Dumbledore: He has enough Elixir to set his affairs in order. But yes, he will die. Harry: How is it I got the Stone, sir? One minute I was staring in the mirror, and the next  Dumbledore: Ah. You see, only a person who wanted to find the Stone, find it, but not use it, would be able to get it. That is one of my more brilliant ideas. And between you and me that's saying something. Harry: Does that mean, with the Stone gone, I mean, that Voldemort can never come back? Dumbledore: Ah, I'm afraid there are ways in which he can return. Harry, do you know why Professor Quirrell couldn't bear to have you touch him? It was because of your mother. She sacrificed herself for you, and that kind of act leaves a mark. No, no, this kind of mark cannot be seen. It lives in your very skin. Harry: What is it? Dumbledore: Love, Harry, love. Ah. Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans. I was most unfortunate in my youth to come across a vomit flavored one, and since then I have lost my liking for them. But I think I could be safe with a nice toffee  Mm. Alas. Earwax. Harry: All right there, Ron? Ron: All right? You? Harry: All right. Hermione? Hermione: Never better. House Cup Winner Dumbledore: Another year, gone! And now, as I understand it, the house cup needs awarded and the points stand thus. In fourth place: Gryffindor, with 312 points! In third place: Hufflepuff, with 352 points! Second: Ravenclaw, with 426 points! And in first place, with 472 points: Slytherin house! Yes, well done Slytherin, well done Slytherin. However, recent events must be taken into account and I have a few last minute points to award. First, to Miss Hermione Granger, for the cool use of intellect while others were in grave peril: fifty points! Second, to Mr Ronald Weasley, for the best played game of chess that Hogwarts has seen these many years: fifty points! And third, to mister Harry Potter, for pure love and outstanding courage, I award Gryffindor house: sixty points! Hermione: We're tied with Slytherin! Dumbledore: And finally: it takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to your enemies, but a great deal more to stand up to your friends. I award ten points to  Neville! Assuming that my calculations are correct, I believe that a change of decoration is in order! Gryffindor wins the House Cup! Not Really Going Home Harry: I can't let you out, Hedwig. I'm not allowed to use magic outside of school. Besides, if Uncle Vernon   Vernon: Harry Potter! Harry: Now you've done it. Petunia: He's in there, Vernon. Vernon: I'm warning you. If you can't control that bloody bird, it'll have to go. Harry: But she's bored. If I could only let her out for  an hour or two. Vernon: So you can send secret messages to your freaky little friends? No, sir. Harry: But I haven't had any messages from any of my friends. Not one. All summer. Dudley: Who would want to be friends with you? Vernon: I should think you'd be a little more grateful. We've raised you since you a were a baby, given you the food off our table, even let you have Dudley's second bedroom, purely out of the goodness of our hearts. Petunia: Not now, bumpkins. It's for when the Masons arrive. Vernon: Which should be any minute. Now, let's go over our schedule once again, shall we? Petunia, when the Masons arrive, you will be ? Petunia: In the lounge, waiting to welcome them graciously to our home. Vernon: Good. And, Dudley, you will be ? Dudley: I'll be waiting to open the door. Vernon: Excellent. And you ? Harry: I'll be in my bedroom, making no noise and pretending that I don't exist. Vernon: Too right you will. With any luck, this could well be the day I make the biggest deal of my career, and you will not mess it up. Dobby's Warning Vernon: Mr. and Mrs. Mason! Do come in! Dobby: Harry Potter! Such an honor it is! Harry: Who are you? Dobby: Dobby sir, Dobby the house elf. Harry: Not to be to be rude or anything, but this isn’t a great time for me to have a house elf in my bedroom. Dobby: Oh, oh, yes, sir! Dobby understands! It’s just that, Dobby has come to tell you  it is difficult, sir  Dobby wonders where to begin? Harry: Why don’t you sit down? Dobby: S sit down? S sit  sit down? Harry: Dobby, ssh! I’m sorry! I didn’t mean to offend you, or anything. Dobby: Offend Dobby? Dobby has heard of your greatness, sir, but never has he been asked to sit down by a wizard, like an equal. Harry: You can’t have met many decent wizards then. Dobby: No, I haven’t. That was an awful thing to say. Bad Dobby! Bad Dobby! Bad Dobby! Harry: Stop, Dobby! Dobby, shh! Dobby, please stop! Vernon: Oh, don't mind that. It's just the  cat! Dobby: Bad Dobby! Harry: Dobby, stop! Please be quiet. Are you all right? Dobby: Dobby had to punish himself, sir. Dobby almost spoke ill of his family, sir. Harry: Your family? Dobby: The wizard family Dobby serves, sir. Dobby is bound to serve one family forever. If they knew Dobby was here  But Dobby had to come. Dobby has to protect Harry Potter. To warn him. Harry Potter must not go back to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry this year. There is a plot, a plot to make most terrible things happen. Harry: What terrible things? Who’s plotting them? Dobby: Oh, he! Can’t say! Harry: Okay, I understand. You can’t say. Dobby: Don’t make me talk. L   Bad Dobby! Harry: Dobby? Dobby, put the lamp down. Vernon: So, when they arrive at the ninth hole   Harry: Give me the lamp! Dobby, stop! Get in there and keep quiet! Vernon: What the devil are you doing up here?! Harry: I was just  Vernon: You've just ruined the punchline of my Japanese golfer joke. Harry: Sorry. Vernon: One more sound, and you'll wish you'd never born, boy. And fix that door. Harry: Yes, sir. See why I've got to go back? I don't belong here; I belong in your world, at Hogwarts. It's the only place I've got friends. Car Rescue Vernon: You're never going back to that school. You're never going to see those freaky friends of yours again. Never! Ron: Hiya, Harry. Harry: Ron, Fred, George, what are you all doing here? Ron: Rescuing you, of course. Now, come on. Get your trunk! The Burrow Fred: Come on. Okay, come on. Shhh! Shhh! Okay, come on. To Diagon Alley Flourish and Blotts Flying to Hogwarts Mr. Weasley: 10:58. Come on, come on! Mrs. Weasley: Train will be leaving any moment! Mr. Weasley: Fred, George, Percy, you first! Mrs. Weasley: Okay. Mr. Weasley: After you, dear. Mrs. Weasley: Come on, Ginny. We'll get you a seat. Hurry! Harry: Let's go. Station Agent: Oy! What do you two think you're doing? Harry: Sorry. Lo lost control of the trolley. Why can't we get through? Ron: I don't know. The gateway's sealed itself for some reason. Harry: The train leaves at exactly 11:00. We've missed it! Ron: Harry  if we can't get through, maybe mom and dad can't get back. Harry: Maybe we should just go and wait by the car. Ron: The car  Whomping Willow Ron: Welcome home. Not Expelled  Today Harry: See you, Hedwig! So a house elf shows up in my bedroom, we can't get through the barrier to Platform 9¾, we almost get killed by a tree  clearly someone doesn't want me here this year. Filch: Well, take a good look, lads. This night might well be the last you spend in this castle. Oh, dear, we are in trouble. Snape: You were seen by no less than seven Muggles! Do you have any idea how serious this is? You have risked the exposure of our world. Not to mention the damage you inflicted on a Whomping Willow that's been on these grounds since before you were born! Ron: Honestly, Professor Snape, I think it did more damage to us. Snape: Silence! I assure you  that were you in Slytherin and your fate rested with me, the both of you would be on the train home tonight! As it is. Dumbledore: They are not. Harry: Professor Dumbledore, Professor McGonagall. Snape: Headmaster, these boys have flouted the Decree for the Restriction of Underage Wizardry. As such  Dumbledore: I'm well aware of our bylaws, Severus, having written more than a few myself. However, as Head of Gryffindor House, it is for Professor McGonagall to determine the appropriate action. Ron: We'll go and get our stuff. McGonagall: What are you talking about, Mr. Weasley? Ron: Well, you're going to expel us, aren't you? McGonagall: Not today, Mr. Weasley. But I must impress upon both of you the seriousness of what you have done. I will be writing to your families tonight. And you will both receive detention. Dumbledore: And now I suggest that we all return to the feast. There is a delicious looking custard tart that I am most anxious to sample. Harry: Eh, Mr. Filch, you dropped this. Mandrakes; Ron's Howler Professor Sprout: Morning, everyone. Good morning, everyone. Students: Good morning, Professor Sprout. Gilderoy Lockhart Lockhart: Let me introduce you to your new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher: me, Gilderoy Lockhart. Mudbloods and Murmurs Oliver: I spent the summer devising a whole new Quidditch program. We are going to train earlier, harder, and longer. What ? I don't believe it. Where do you think you're going, Flint? Marcus: Quidditch practice. Oliver: I booked the pitch for Gryffindor today. Marcus: Easy, Wood. I've got a note. Ron: Uh oh. I smell trouble. Oliver: I, Professor Severus Snape, do hereby give the Slytherin team permission to practice today, owing to the need to train their new Seeker." You've got a new Seeker, who? Harry: Malfoy? Draco: That's right. And that's not all that's new this year. Ron: Those are Nimbus 2001s. How did you get those? Marcus: A gift from Draco's father. Draco: You see, Weasley, unlike some, my father can afford the best. Hermione: At least no one on the Gryffindor team had to buy their way in. They got in on pure talent. Draco: No one asked your opinion, you filthy little Mudblood. Ron: You'll pay for that one, Malfoy! Eat slugs! Hermione: You okay, Ron? Say something! Colin Creevey: Wow! Can you turn him around, Harry? Harry: No, Colin! Get out of the way. Let's take him to Hagrid. He'll know what to do. Writing on the Wall Ominous Voice: Blood. I smell blood. Let me rip you  Let me kill you. Kill  kill  kill! Hermione: Harry  Harry: Did you hear it? Ron: Hear what? Harry: That voice. Hermione: Voice? What voice? Harry: I heard it first in Lockhart's office, and then, again, just   Ominous Voice: It's time. Harry: It's moving. I think it's going to kill. Ron: "Kill"? Hermione: Harry, wait! Not so fast! Harry: Strange  I've never seen spiders act like that. Ron: I don't like spiders. What's that? Hermione: "The Chamber of Secrets has been opened. Enemies of the Heir, beware." It's written in blood. Harry: Oh, no. It's Filch's cat. It's Mrs. Norris. Draco: "Enemies of the Heir, beware." You'll be next, Mudbloods. Filch: What's going on here? Go on, make way, make way. Potter  what are you ? Mrs. Norris? You murdered my cat. Harry: No. No. Filch: I'll kill you. I'll kill you! Dumbledore: Argus? Argus, I  Everyone will proceed to their dormitories immediately. Everyone except you three. Ravenclaw Prefect: Ravenclaws, follow me. Dumbledore: She's not dead, Argus. She has been petrified. Lockhart: Ah. Thought so. So unlucky I wasn't there. I know exactly the countercurse that could've spared her. Dumbledore: But how she has been petrified I cannot say. Filch: Ask him. It's him that done it. You saw what he wrote on the wall. Harry: It's not true, sir. I swear. I never touched Mrs. Norris. Filch: Rubbish. Snape: If I might, headmaster. Perhaps Potter and his friends were simply in the wrong place at the wrong time. However, the circumstances are suspicious. I for one don't recall seeing Potter at dinner. Lockhart: I'm afraid that's my doing, Severus. You see, Harry was helping me answer my fanmail. Hermione: That's why Ron and I went looking for him, Professor. We just found him when he said  Snape: Yes, Ms. Granger? Harry: When I said I wasn't hungry. We were heading back to the common room when we found Mrs. Norris. Dumbledore: Innocent until proven guilty, Severus. Filch: My cat has been petrified. I want to see some punishment! Dumbledore: We will be able to cure her, Argus. As I understand it, Madame Sprout has a very healthy growth of Mandrakes. When matured, a potion will be made, which will revive Mrs. Norris. And in the meantime, I strongly recommend caution  to all. Hermione: It's a bit strange isn't it? Harry: "Strange"? Hermione: You hear this voice, a voice only you can hear, and then Mrs. Norris turns up petrified. It's just  strange. Harry: You think I should've told them, Dumbledore and the others, I mean? Ron: Are you mad? Hermione: No, Harry. Even in the wizarding world, hearing voices isn't a good sign. Man in Painting: She's right, you know. About the Chamber McGonagall: Could I have your attention, please? Right. Now, today, we will be transforming animals into water goblets. Like so. One, two, three, Vera Verto. Now it's your turn? Who would like to go first? Ah! Mr. Weasley. One, two, three, Vera Verto. Ron: Ahem! Vera Verto. McGonagall: That wand needs replacing, Mr. Weasley. Yes, Ms. Granger? Hermione: Professor, I was wondering if you could tell us about the Chamber of Secrets. McGonagall: Very well. Well, you all know, of course, that Hogwarts was founded over a thousand years ago by the four greatest witches and wizards of the age: Godric Gryffindor, Helga Hufflepuff, Rowena Ravenclaw, and Salazar Slytherin. Now three of the founders coexisted quite harmoniously. One did not. Ron: Three guesses who. McGonagall: Salazar Slytherin wished to be more selective about the students admitted to Hogwarts. He believed magical learning should be kept within all magic families. In other words, pure bloods. Unable to sway the others, he decided to leave the school. Now, according to legend, Slytherin had built a hidden chamber in this castle, known as the Chamber of Secrets. Well, shortly before departing, he sealed it, until that time when his own true heir returned to the school. The Heir alone would be able to open the Chamber, and unleash the horror within, and by so doing, purge the school of all those who, in Slytherin's view, were unworthy to study magic. Hermione: Muggle borns. McGonagall: Well, naturally the school has been searched many times. No such Chamber has been found. Hermione: Professor, what exactly does legend tell us lies within the Chamber? McGonagall: Well, the Chamber is said to be home to something that only the Heir of Slytherin can control. It is said to be the home of a monster. Ron: Do you think it's true? Do you really think there is a Chamber of Secrets? Hermione: Yes. Couldn't you tell? McGonagall's worried. All the teachers are. Harry: But if there really is a Chamber of Secrets, and it really has been opened, then that means  Hermione: The Heir of Slytherin has returned to Hogwarts. The question is, who is it? Ron: Let's think  who do we know who thinks all Muggle borns are scum? Hermione: If you're talking about Malfoy  Ron: Of course! You heard him: "You'll be next, mudbloods." Hermione: I heard him. But Malfoy, the Heir of Slytherin? Harry: Well, maybe Ron's right, Hermione. I mean, look at his family, the whole lot of them have been in Slytherin for centuries. Ron: Crabbe and Goyle must know. Maybe we could trick them into telling. Hermione: Even they aren't that thick. But there might be another way. Mind you, it would be difficult, not to mention, we'd be breaking fifty school rules, and it'll be dangerous, very dangerous. Rogue bludger Hermione: Here it is, the Polyjuice Potion. "Properly brewed, the Polyjuice Potion allows the drinker to transform himself temporarily into the physical form of another." Ron: You mean, if Harry and I drink that stuff, we'll turn into Crabbe and Goyle? Hermione: Yes. Ron: Wicked. Malfoy will tell us anything. Hermione: Exactly, but it's tricky. I've never seen a more complicated potion. Harry: Well, how long will it take to make? Hermione: A month. Harry: A month?! But, Hermione  if Malfoy is the Heir of Slytherin, he could attack half the Muggle borns in the school by then! Hermione: I know, but it's the only plan we've got. No longer safe Harry: Thank you. Hermione: Are you okay? Harry: No. I think my  I think my arm's broken. Lockhart: Not to worry, Harry. I will fix that arm of yours straight away. Harry: No. Not you. Dueling Club Hermione: "Again"? You mean, the Chamber of Secrets has been opened before? A Parselmouth Lockhart: I said disarm only! Draco: Serpensortia! Snape: Don't move, Potter. I'll get rid of it for you. Lockhart: Allow me, Professor Snape. Alarte ascendare! Harry: Sya  hassa  she. (Leave them alone.) Sya  hasi  heth. (Leave him alone.) Sya  hasi  heth. Nothing to tell Filch: Caught in the act. I'll have you out this time, Potter. Mark my words. Harry: No, Mr. Filch! Y y you don't understand   Professor. I swear, I didn't. Professor McGonagall: This is out of my hands, Potter. Professor Dumbledore will be waiting for you. Sherbet Lemon. Polyjuice Potion Harry and Ron Transformed The Diary Tom Riddle Petrified Harry: It was Hagrid. Hagrid opened the Chamber of Secrets fifty years ago. Cornelius Fudge Hagrid: Who's there? Hello? Hello? Harry: What's that for? Hagrid: Oh, nothing, I was expecting, uh  it doesn't matter. Come on in, I just made a pot of tea. Harry: Hagrid, are you okay? Hagrid: I'm fine. I'm all right. Harry: Di did you hear about Hermione? Hagrid: Oh yeah. I heard about that all right. Harry: Look, we have to ask you something. Do you know who's opened the Chamber of Secrets? Hagrid: What you have to understand about that is  Quick. Under the cloak. Don't say a word, be quiet, both of you. Oh, Professor Dumbledore, sir. Professor Dumbledore: Good evening, Hagrid. I wonder, could we ? Hagrid: Of course. Come in, come in. Ron: That's dad's boss, Cornelius Fudge, the Minister of Magic. Aragog Harry: Come on. Ron: What? Harry: You heard what Hagrid said: "Follow the spiders." Ron: They're heading to the Dark Forest! Why spiders? Why couldn't it be "follow the butterflies"? Spider attack Harry: Well  thank you. We'll just  go. Aragog: Go? I think not. My sons and daughters do not harm Hagrid on my command. But I cannot deny them fresh meat when it wanders so willingly into our midst. Goodbye, friend of Hagrid. Ron: Can we panic now? Know any spells? Harry: One, but it's not powerful enough for all of them. Ron: Where's Hermione when you need her? Harry: Let's go! Arania Exumai! Go! Harry and Ron: Whoa! Ron: Glad we're out of there. Harry: Arania Exumai! Ron: Thanks for that. Harry: Don't mention it. Get us out of here. Now! Come on! Come on, move faster! Come on, go! Get us in the air. Ron: The flying gear's jammed! Harry: Come on. Pull! Ron: I'm trying! Ron: "Follow the spiders". "Follow the spiders"! If Hagrid ever gets out of Azkaban, I'll kill him. I mean, what was the point of sending us in there? What have we found out? Harry: We know one thing: Hagrid never opened the Chamber of Secrets; he was innocent. Missing Harry: Wish you were here, Hermione. We need you. Now more than ever. Ron: What's that? Harry: Ron, this is why Hermione was in the library the day she was attacked. Come on! "Of the many fearsome beasts that roam our land, none is more deadly than the Basilisk. Capable of living for hundreds of years, instant death awaits any who meet this giant serpent's eye. Spiders flee before it " Ron, this is it. The monster in the Chamber of Secrets is a Basilisk. That's why I can hear it speak. It's a snake. Ron: But if it kills by looking people in the eye, why is it no one's dead? Harry: Because no one did look it in the eye. Not directly, at least. Colin saw it through his camera. Justin  Justin must've seen the Basilisk through Nearly Headless Nick. Nick got the full blast of it, but he's a ghost. He couldn't die again. And Hermione  had the mirror. I bet you anything she was using it to look around corners in case it came along. Ron: And Mrs. Norris? I'm pretty sure she didn't have a camera or a mirror, Harry. Harry: The water  There was water on the floor that night. She only saw the Basilisk's reflection. "Spiders flee before it." It all fits. Ron: But how's the Basilisk been getting around? A dirty great snake, someone would've seen it. Harry: Hermione's answered that, too. Ron: Pipes? It's using the plumbing! Harry: Remember what Aragog said about that girl fifty years ago, she died in a bathroom? What if she never left? Ron: Moaning Myrtle. Professor McGonagall: All students are to return to their house dormitories at once. All teachers to the second floor corridor immediately. Professor McGonagall: As you can see, the Heir of Slytherin has left another message. Our worst fear has been realized, a student has been taken by the monster, into the Chamber itself. The students must be sent home. I'm afraid this is the end of Hogwarts. Lockhart: So sorry. Dozed off. What have I missed? Snape: A girl has been snatched by the monster, Lockhart. Your moment has come at last. Lockhart: My  moment? Snape: Weren't you saying just last night you've known all along where the entrance to the Chamber of Secrets is? Professor McGonagall: That's settled. We'll leave you to deal with the monster, Gilderoy. Your skills, after all, are legend. Lockhart: Very well. I'll just be in my office, getting, uh  getting ready. Madam Pomfrey: Who is it that the monster's taken, Minerva? Professor McGonagall: Ginny Weasley. Ron: "Her skeleton will lie in the Chamber forever." Ginny  Chamber of Secrets Harry: Lockhart may be useless, but he’s going to try to get into the Chamber. At least we can tell him what we know! Professor, we have some information for you. Are you going somewhere? Lockhart: Um  well, yes. Urgent call. Unavoidable. Uh, got to go. Ron: What about my sister?! Lockhart: Uh, well, um  As to that, most unfortunate. No one regrets more than I. Ron: You’re the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. You can’t go now! Lockhart: Well, I must say, when I took the job, there was nothing in the job description about   Harry: You're running away? After all that stuff you did in your books?! Lockhart: Books can be misleading. Harry: You wrote them! Lockhart: My dear boy, do use your common sense! My books wouldn't have sold half as well if people didn't think I'd done all those things! Harry: You're a fraud. You've just been taking credit for what other wizards have done! Ron: Is there anything you can do? Lockhart: Yes. Now you mention it. I'm rather gifted with memory charms. Otherwise, you see, all those wizards would've gone blabbing, and I'd never have sold another book. In fact, uh  I'm uh  going to have to do the same to you. Harry: Don't even think about it. Myrtle: Oh? Who's there? Oh, hello, Harry. What do you want? Harry: To ask you how you died. Myrtle: Oh   it was dreadful. It happened right here in this very cubicle. I'd hidden because Olive Hornby was teasing me about my glasses. I was crying, and then  I heard somebody come in. Harry: Who was it, Myrtle? Myrtle: I don't know. I was distraught! But they said something funny, a kind of made up language, and I realized it was a boy speaking, so I unlocked the door to tell him to go away, and  I died. Harry: Just like that? How? Myrtle: I just remember seeing a pair of great big yellow eyes, over there, by that sink. Harry: This is it. This is it, Ron. I think this is the entrance to the Chamber of Secrets. Ron: Say something. Harry, say something in Parseltongue. Harry: Hesha  Hassah. (Open up.) Lockhart: Excellent, Harry. Ah, good work. Well, then, I'll just be, uh  there's no need for me to stay. Harry: Oh, yes there is! You first. Lockhart: Now, boys, what good will it do? Ron: Better you than us. Lockhart: Um, but  obviously, yes. Sure you don't want to test it first? It's really quite filthy down here. Harry: All right. Let's go. Myrtle: Oh, Harry? If you die down there, you're welcome to share my toilet. Harry: Uh  thanks, Myrtle. Ron: Ugh. Harry: Now, remember, any sign of movement, close your eyes straight away. Ron: Go on. Backfire Harry: This way. Ron: What's this? Lockhart: It looks like a  snake. Harry: It's a snakeskin. Ron: Bloody hell. Whatever shed this must be sixty feet long. Or more. Heart of a lion, this one. Lockhart: The adventure ends here, boys. But don't fret. The world will know our story. How I was too late to save the girl, how you two tragically lost your minds at the sight of her mangled body. So   you first, Mr. Potter. Say good bye to your memories. Obliviate! Ron: Harry! Harry! Harry: Ron! Ron, are you okay? Ron: I'm fine! Lockhart: Hello. Who are you? Ron: Um  Ron Weasley. Lockhart: Really? And, uh  who who am I? Ron: Lockhart's memory charm backfired! He hasn't got a clue who he is! Lockhart: It's an odd sort of place this is, isn't it? Do you live here? Ron: No. Lockhart: Really? Ron: What do I do now? Harry: You wait here, and try and shift some of this rock so we can get back through. I'll go on and find Ginny. Ron: Okay. Harry: Hesha  Hassah. (Open.) Heir of Slytherin Harry: Ginny. Ginny. No, Ginny. Please don’t be dead. Wake up. Wake up! Please wake up. Riddle: She won’t wake. Harry: Tom? Tom Riddle? What do you mean she won’t wake? She’s not ? Riddle: She’s still alive, but only just. Harry: Are you a ghost? Riddle: A memory, preserved in a diary for fifty years. Harry: She's as cold as ice. Ginny, please don't be dead. Wake up. You've got to help me, Tom. There's a Basilisk. Riddle: It won't come until it's called. Harry: Give me my wand, Tom. Riddle: You won't be needing it. Harry: Listen, we've got to go. We've got to save her! Riddle: I'm afraid I can't do that, Harry. You see, as poor Ginny grows weaker, I grow stronger. Yes, Harry. It was Ginny Weasley who opened the Chamber of Secrets. Harry: No. She couldn't. She wouldn't. Riddle: It was Ginny who set the Basilisk on the Mudbloods and Filch's cat, Ginny who wrote the threatening messages on the walls. Harry: But why? Riddle: Because I told her to. You'll find I can be very persuasive. Not that she knew what she was doing. She was, shall we say, in a kind of trance. Still, the power of the diary began to scare her. And she tried to dispose of it in the girls' bathroom. And then, who should find it but you? The very person I was most anxious to meet. Harry: And why did you want to meet me? Riddle: I knew I had to talk to you, meet you if I could. So I decided to show you my capture of that brainless oaf Hagrid to gain your trust. Harry: Hagrid's my friend! And you framed him, didn't you? Riddle: It was my word against Hagrid's. Only Dumbledore seemed to think he was innocent. Harry: I'll bet Dumbledore saw right through you. Riddle: He certainly kept an annoyingly close watch on me after that. I knew it wouldn't be safe to open the Chamber again while I was still at school, so I decided to leave behind a diary, preserving my sixteen year old self in its pages, so that one day, I would be able to lead another, to finish Salazar Slytherin's noble work. Harry: Well, you haven't finished it this time. In a few hours, the Mandrake draught will be ready. And everyone who was Petrified will be all right again. Riddle: Haven't I told you? Killing Mudbloods doesn't matter to me anymore. For many months now, my new target has been you. How is it that a baby with no extraordinary magical talent was able to defeat the greatest wizard of all time? How did you escape with nothing but a scar while Lord Voldemort's powers were destroyed? Harry: Why do you care how I escaped? Voldemort was after your time. Riddle: Voldemort is  my past, present, and future. Harry: You. You're the Heir of Slytherin. You're Voldemort. Riddle: Surely, you didn't think I was going to keep my filthy Muggle father's name? No. I fashioned myself a new name, a name I knew wizards everywhere would one day fear to speak when I became the greatest sorcerer in the world! Harry: Albus Dumbledore is the greatest sorcerer in the world! Riddle: Dumbledore's been driven out of this castle by the mere memory of me! Harry: He'll never be gone! Not as long as those who remain are loyal to him! Fawkes? Riddle: So this is what Dumbledore sends his great defender: A songbird and an old hat. Shearhas  Samnathas  Sélithaeine. (Speak to me, Slytherin, greatest of the Hogwarts four.) The Basilisk Riddle: Let's match the power of Lord Voldemort, Heir of Salazar Slytherin, against the famous Harry Potter. Riddle: Sethae  He  This! (Kill him!) Parseltongue won't save you now, Potter. It only obeys me! Riddle: No! Your bird may have blinded the Basilisk, but it can still hear you. Riddle: Yes, Potter. The process is nearly complete. In a few minutes, Ginny Weasley will be dead, and I will cease to be a memory. Lord Voldemort will return  very  much  alive. Harry: Ginny  Harry: No. Riddle: Remarkable, isn't it? How quickly the venom of the Basilisk penetrates the body. I guess you have little more than a minute to live. You'll be with your dear Mudblood mother soon, Harry. Funny  the damage a silly little book can do  especially in the hands of a silly little girl. What are you doing? Stop. No! Harry: Ginny. Ginny: Harry, it was me. But, I swear, I didn't mean to  Riddle made me. And  Harry  you're hurt. Harry: Don't worry. Ginny, you need to get yourself out. Follow the Chamber, and you'll find Ron. You were brilliant, Fawkes. I just wasn't quick enough. Of course! Phoenix tears have healing powers. Thanks. It's all right, Ginny. It's over. It's just a memory. Lockhart: Amazing! This is just like magic! Out of the Hat Professor Dumbledore: You both realize, of course, that in the past few hours, you have broken, perhaps, a dozen school rules. Harry and Ron: Yes, sir. Professor Dumbledore: And there is sufficient evidence to have you both expelled. Harry and Ron: Yes, sir. Professor Dumbledore: Therefore, it is only fitting  that you both receive special awards for services to the school. Ron: Thanks, sir. Professor Dumbledore: And now, Mr. Weasley, if you would, have an owl deliver these release papers to Azkaban. I believe we  we want our gamekeeper back. Harry  first, I want to thank you, Harry. You must've shown me real loyalty down in the Chamber. Nothing but that could've called Fawkes to you. And, second  I sense something is troubling you. Am I right, Harry? Harry: You see, sir. I couldn't help but notice certain things  certain  certain similarities between  Tom Riddle and me. Professor Dumbledore: I see. Well, you can speak Parseltongue, Harry. Why? Because, Lord Voldemort can speak Parseltongue. If I'm not mistaken, Harry, he transferred some of his powers to you the night he gave you that scar. Harry: Voldemort transferred some of his powers  to me? Professor Dumbledore: Uh huh. Not intentionally. But yes. Harry: So, the Sorting Hat was right; I should be in Slytherin. Professor Dumbledore: It's true, Harry. You possess many of the qualities that Voldemort himself prizes: Determination, resourcefulness, and if I may so, a certain disregard for the rules. Why then, did the Sorting Hat place you in Gryffindor? Harry: Because I asked it to. Professor Dumbledore: Exactly, Harry, exactly. Which makes you different from Voldemort. It is not our abilities that show what we truly are, it is our choices. If you want proof why you belong in Gryffindor, then I suggest you look more closely at this. Be careful. Harry: Godric Gryffindor. Professor Dumbledore: Ah. It would take a true Gryffindor to pull that out of the hat. Dobby's Reward Harry: Dobby! So this is your master. The family you serve is the Malfoys. Dobby: Mm hmm. Lucius: I'll deal with you later. Out of my way, Potter. So  it's true. You have returned. Professor Dumbledore: When the governors learned that Arthur Weasley's daughter was taken into the Chamber, they saw fit to summon me back. Lucius: Ridiculous! Welcome Back Female Student: Welcome back, Sir Nicholas! Nearly Headless Nick: Thank you. Another Female Student: Good evening, Sir Nicholas. Nearly Headless Nick: Good evening. Male Student: Good to see you, Sir Nicholas. Nearly Headless Nick: Thank you. Hello. Hermione! Welcome back. Hermione: Thanks, Sir Nicholas. Petunia: Harry! Harry! Harry, open the door! Marge! How lovely to see  Harry: Uncle Vernon, I need you to sign this form. Vernon: What is it? Harry: Nothing. School stuff. Vernon: Later perhaps, if you behave. Harry: I will if she does. Marge: Oh, you're still here, are you? Harry: Yes. Marge: Don't say yes in that ungrateful way. Darn good of my brother to keep you. He'd have been straight to an orphanage if he'd been dumped on my doorstep. Is that my Dudders? Is that my little neffy pooh? Give us a kiss! Come on! Up, up! Vernon: Take Marge's suitcase upstairs! Harry: Okay. Marge: Finish that off for Mommy. Good boy, Rippy pooh. Vernon: Can I tempt you, Marge? Marge: Just a small one. Excellent nosh, Petunia. A bit more. Usually just a fry up for me, what with 12 dogs. Just a bit more. That's a boy! Mm! You wanna try a little drop of brandy? A little drop of brandy brandy windy wandy for Rippy pippy pooh? What are you smirking at? Where did you send the boy, Vernon? Vernon: St. Brutus'. It's a fine institution for hopeless cases. Marge: Do they use a cane at St. Brutus', boy? Harry: Oh, yeah. Yeah. I've been beaten loads of times. Marge: Excellent. I won't have this namby pamby  wishy washy nonsense about not beating people who deserve it. You mustn't blame yourself about how this one turned out. It's all to do with blood. Bad blood will out. What is it the boy's father did, Petunia? Petunia: Nothing. He didn't work. He was unemployed. Marge: And a drunk too, no doubt? Harry: That's a lie! Marge: What did you say? Harry: My dad wasn't a drunk! Marge: Oh, don't worry Don't fuss, Petunia. I have a very firm grip. Vernon: I think it's time you went to bed. Marge: Quiet, Vernon. You, clean it up. Actually, it's nothing to do with the father. It's all to do with the mother. You see it all the time with dogs. If there's something wrong with the bitch, then there's something wrong with the pup. Harry: Shut up! Shut up! Marge: Mm. Right! Let me tell you  y y   Vernon! Vernon! Vernon, do something! Vernon: Ow! Ripper! Ow! Ripper, get down, boy! Down! Ripper, stop it! Stop! I've got you, Marge! I've got you! Hold on, hold on! Get off! Marge: Don't you dare! Vernon: Sorry! Petunia: Oh, Vernon! Vernon: Oh, God! Marge! Please! Marge! Come back! You bring her back! You bring her back now and you put her right! Harry: No! She deserved what she got! Keep away from me. Vernon: You're not allowed to do magic outside school. Harry: Yeah? Try me. Vernon: They won't let you back now. You've nowhere to go. Harry: I don't care. Anywhere's better than here. 'Stan Shunpike: "Welcome to the Knight Bus  emergency transport for the stranded witch or wizard. My name is Stan Shunpike, and I will be your conductor for this evening." What you doing down there? Harry: I fell over. Stan Shunpike: What you fall over for? Harry: I didn't do it on purpose. Stan Shunpike: Well, come on, then. Let's not wait for the grass to grow. What you looking at? Harry: Nothing. Stan Shunpike: Well, come on, then. In. No, no, no. I'll get this. You get in. Come on. Come on. Move on, move on, move on. Stan Shunpike: Take her away, Ern. Shrunken Head: Yeah, take it away, Ernie. It's going to be a bumpy ride. Stan Shunpike: What did you say your name was again? Harry: I didn't. Stan Shunpike: Whereabouts are you headed? Harry: The Leaky Cauldron. That's in London. Stan Shunpike: You heard that Ern? "The Leaky Cauldron. That's in London." Shrunken Head: The Leaky Cauldron. If you have pea soup  make sure you eat it before it eats you. Harry: But the Muggles. Can't they see us? Stan Shunpike: Muggles? They don't see nothing, do they? Shrunken Head: No, but if you jab them with a fork, they feel. Ernie, little old lady at 12 o'clock! Ten, nine, eight  seven, six, five  four, three, three and a half  two, one and three quarters. Yes! Harry: Who is that? That man. Stan Shunpike: Who is that? Who is ? That is Sirius Black, that is. Don't tell me you've never been hearing of Sirius Black. He's a murderer. Got himself locked up in Azkaban for it. Harry: How did he escape? Stan Shunpike: Well, that's the question, isn't it? He's the first one that done it. He was a big supporter of  You Know Who. I reckon you've heard of him. Harry: Yeah. Him I've heard of. Shrunken Head: Ernie, two double deckers at 12 o'clock. They're getting closer, Ernie. Ernie, they're right on top of us! Mind your head. Hey, guys? Guys? Why the long faces? Yeah, yeah. Nearly there. Nearly there. The Leaky Cauldron. Next stop, Knockturn Alley. Tom: Ah, Mr. Potter, at last. Stan Shunpike: Take it away, Ern. Shrunken Head: Yeah, take it away, Ernie! Tom: Room 11. Harry: Hedwig. Fudge: Right smart bird you got there, Mr. Potter. He arrived here just five minutes before yourself. Fudge: As Minister for Magic, it is my duty to inform you, Mr. Potter  that earlier this evening your uncle's sister was located  a little south of Sheffield, circling a chimney stack. The Accidental Magic Reversal Department was dispatched immediately. She has been properly punctured and her memory modified. She will have no recollection of the incident whatsoever. So that's that  and no harm done. Tom: Pea soup? Harry: No, thank you. Minister? Fudge: Yes? Harry: I don't understand. Fudge: Understand? Harry: I broke the law. Underage wizards can't use magic at home. Fudge: Come now, Harry the Ministry doesn't send people to Azkaban  for blowing up their aunts. On the other hand, running away like that, given the state of things  was very, very irresponsible. Harry: "The state of things," sir? Fudge: We have a killer on the loose. Harry: Sirius Black, you mean? But what's he got to do with me? Fudge: Nothing, of course. You're safe. And that's what matters. And tomorrow you'll be on your way back to Hogwarts. These are your new schoolbooks. I took the liberty  of having them brought here. Now Tom will show you to your room. Harry: Hedwig. Fudge: Oh, by the way, Harry. Whilst you're here, it would be best if you didn't  wander. Other: Right! You gonna move that bus or what? MAID: Housekeeping. I'll come back later. Ron: I'm warning you, Hermione. Keep that bloody beast of yours away from Scabbers, or I'll turn it into a tea cozy. Hermione: It's a cat, Ronald. What do you expect? It's in his nature. Ron: A cat? Is that what they told you? Looks more like a pig with hair. Hermione: That's rich  coming from the owner of that smelly old shoe brush. Crookshanks, just ignore the mean little boy. Ron: Harry. Hermione: Harry. Harry: Egypt. What's it like? Ron: Brilliant. Loads of old stuff  like mummies, tombs, even Scabbers enjoyed himself. Hermione: You know the Egyptians used to worship cats? Ron: Along with the dung beetle. Fred/George: Not flashing that clipping again are you Ron? Ron: I haven't shown anyone. Fred/George: ': No, not a soul. Not unless you count Tom. The day maid. The night maid. The Cook. The bloke who fixed the toilet. And that wizard from Belgium. Molly: Harry. Harry: Mrs. Weasley. Molly: Good to see you, dear. Harry: Good to see you. Molly: You got everything you need? Harry: Yes. Molly: Yes? All of your books? Harry: Yeah, it's all upstairs. Molly: All of your clothes? Harry: Everything's there. Molly: Good boy. Harry: Thank you. Arthur: Harry Potter. Harry: Mr. Weasley. Arthur: Harry, wonder if I might have a word? Harry: Yeah, sure. Arthur: Hermione. Hermione: Good morning, Mr. Weasley. Arthur: Looking forward to a new term? Harry: Yeah. It should be great. Arthur: Harry, some within the Ministry would strongly discourage me  from divulging what I'm about to reveal to you. But I think that you need to know the facts. You are in danger. Grave danger. Harry: Has this anything to do with Sirius Black, sir? Arthur: What do you know about Sirius Black, Harry? Harry: Only that he's escaped from Azkaban. Arthur: Do you know why? Thirteen years ago, when you stopped  Harry: Voldemort. Arthur: Don't say his name. Harry: Sorry. Arthur: When you stopped You Know Who  Black lost everything. But to this day, he still remains a faithful servant. And in his mind  you are the only thing that stands in the way  of You Know Who returning to power. And that is why  he has escaped from Azkaban. To find you. Harry: And kill me. Arthur: Harry, swear to me that whatever you might hear  you won't go looking for Black. Harry: Mr. Weasley  why would I go looking for someone who wants to kill me? Molly: Quick. Quick. Ron, Ron! Oh, for goodness' sake! Don't lose him! Harry: I didn't mean to blow her up. I just  I lost control. Ron: Brilliant. Hermione: Honestly, Ron, it's not funny. Harry was lucky not to be expelled. Harry: I think I was lucky not to be arrested actually. Ron: I still think it was brilliant. Hermione: Come on. Everywhere else is full. Ron: Who do you think that is? Hermione: Professor R.J. Lupin. Ron: Do you know everything? How is it she knows everything? Hermione: It's on his suitcase, Ronald. Ron: Oh. Harry: Do you think he's really asleep? Hermione: Seems to be. Why? Harry: I gotta tell you something. Ron: Let me get this straight. Sirius Black has escaped from Azkaban to come after you? Harry: Yeah. Hermione: But they'll catch Black, won't they? I mean, everyone's looking for him. Ron: Sure. Except no one's ever broken out of Azkaban before  and he's a murderous, raving lunatic. Harry: Thanks, Ron. Hermione: Why are we stopping? We can't be there yet. Ron: What's going on? Harry: I don't know. Maybe we've broken down. Hermione: Ouch, Ron. That was my foot. Ron: There's something moving out there. I think  someone's coming aboard. Ron: Bloody hell! What's happening? Hermione: Harry. Harry, are you all right? Harry: Thank you. Lupin: Here, eat this. It'll help. It's all right. It's chocolate. Harry: What was that thing that came? Lupin: It was a dementor. One of the guards of Azkaban. It's gone now. It was searching the train for Sirius Black. If you'll excuse me, I need to have a little word with the driver. Eat. You'll feel better. Harry: What happened to me? Ron: Well, you sort of went rigid. We thought maybe you were having a fit or something. Harry: And did either of you two  you know  pass out? Ron: No. I felt weird, though. Like I'd never be cheerful again. Harry: But someone was screaming. A woman. Hermione: No one was screaming, Harry. Dumbledore Welcome! Welcome to another year at Hogwarts! Now, I'd like to say a few words  before we all become too befuddled by our excellent feast. First, I'm pleased to welcome Professor R.J. Lupin  who's kindly consented to fill the post  of Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. Good luck, Professor. Hermione: Of course. That's why he knew to give you the chocolate, Harry. Malfoy: Potter. Is it true you fainted? I mean, you actually fainted? Ron: Shove off, Malfoy. Harry: How did he find out? Hermione: Just forget it. Dumbledore Our Care of Magical Creatures teacher  has decided to retire  in order to spend more time with his remaining limbs. Fortunately, I'm delighted to announce  that his place will be taken by none other  than our own Rubeus Hagrid. Finally, on a more disquieting note  at the request of the Ministry of Magic  Hogwarts will, until further notice, play host to the dementors of Azkaban  until such a time as Sirius Black is captured. The dementors will be stationed at every entrance to the grounds. Now whilst I've been assured  that their presence will not disrupt our day to day activities  a word of caution. Dementors are vicious creatures. They'll not distinguish  between the one they hunt and the one who gets in their way. Therefore, I must warn each and every one of you  to give them no reason to harm you. It is not in the nature of a dementor to be forgiving. But you know, happiness can be found  even in the darkest of times  if one only remembers to turn on the light. Seamus: Fortuna Major. Here, listen. She just won't let me in. Fortuna Major. Fat Lady: No, no, no. Wait, wait. Watch this. Oh, amazing! Just with my voice. Harry: Fortuna Major. Fat Lady: Yes, all right. Go in. Harry: Thank you. Harry/Seamus: She's still doing that after three years. She can't even sing. Exactly. Hey, man. Hey, man. Oh, God. That's awful. Ron:. Green. That's a monkey. What is that? You call that a monkey? Do not give him one again. Hey, Neville, try an elephant. Seamus: Ron, catch. Ron: I will. Seamus: I think we have a winner. Ron: Oh, don't try one of them. Oh, no. Look at him. His face. Trelawney: Welcome, my children. In this room, you shall explore the noble art of Divination. In this room, you shall discover if you possess the Sight. Hello. I am Professor Trelawney. Together we shall cast ourselves into the future. This term, we'll focus on Tasseomancy, the art of reading tea leaves. So please, take the cup of the person sitting opposite you. What do you see? The truth lies buried like a sentence deep within a book, waiting to be read. But first, you must broaden your minds. First, you must look beyond. Hermione: What a load of rubbish. Ron: Where did you come from? Hermione: Me? I've been here all this time. Trelawney: You, boy  Is your grandmother quite well? Neville: I think so. Trelawney: I wouldn't be so sure of that. Give me the cup. Pity. Broaden your minds. Your aura is pulsing, dear. Are you in the beyond? I think you are. Ron: Sure. Trelawney: Look at the cup. Tell me what you see. Ron: Oh, yeah. Um  Well, Harry's got sort of a wonky cross. That's trials and suffering. And that there could be the sun and that's happiness. So  you're gonna suffer, but you're gonna be  happy about it. Trelawney: Give me the cup. Oh, my dear boy. My dear  you have the Grim. Other: The Grin? What's the Grin? Not the Grin, you idiot. The Grim. "Taking form of a giant spectral dog. It's among the darkest omens in our world. It's an omen  of death." Ron: You don't think that Grim thing's got anything to do with Sirius Black? Hermione: Oh, honestly, Ron. If you ask me, Divination's a woolly discipline. Now, Ancient Runes, that's a fascinating subject. Ron: Ancient Runes? Exactly how many classes are you taking? Hermione: A fair few. Ron: Hang on. That's not possible. Ancient Runes is in the same time as Divination. You have to be in two classes at once. Hermione: Don't be silly Ron. How could anyone be in two classes at once? "Broaden your minds. Use your Inner Eye to see the future!." Hagrid: That's it. Come on, now. Come closer. Less talking, if you don't mind. I got a real treat for you today. A great lesson. So follow me. Right, you lot. Less chattering. Form a group over there. And open your books to page 49. Malfoy: Exactly how do we do that? Hagrid: Just stroke the spine, of course. Goodness me. Malfoy: Don't be such a wimp, Longbottom. Neville: I'm okay. Okay. Hermione: I think they're funny. Malfoy: Oh, yeah. Terribly funny. Really Witty. God, this place has gone to the dogs. Wait until Father hears Dumbledore's got this oaf teaching classes. Harry: Shut up, Malfoy. Malfoy: D Dementor! Dementor! Hermione: Just ignore him. Ron: You're supposed to stroke it. Neville: Yeah. Hagrid: Isn't he beautiful? Say hello to Buckbeak. Ron: Hagrid, exactly what is that? Hagrid: That, Ron, is a hippogriff. First thing you wanna know about hippogriffs is that they're very proud creatures. Very easily offended. You do not want to insult a hippogriff. It may just be the last thing you ever do. Now, who'd like to come and say hello? Well done, Harry. Well done. Come on now. Now  you have to let him make the first move. It's only polite. So  step up. Give him a nice bow. Then you wait and see if he bows back. If he does, you can go and touch him. If not  Well, we'll get to that later. Just make your bow. Nice and low. Back off, Harry. Back off. Keep still. Keep still. Well done, Harry. Well done. Here, you big brute, you. Right. I think you can go and pat him now. Go on. Don't be shy. Nice and slow, now. Nice and slow. Slow. Not so fast, Harry. Slow down, Harry. That's it  Nice and slow. Now let him come to you. Slowly, now, slowly, slowly  That's it  Yes! Well done! Well done, Harry, well done! I think he may let you ride him now. Harry: What? Hagrid: Come on. Harry: Hey, hey, hey! Hagrid: Put you over here, just behind the wing joint. Don't pull out any of his feathers, because he won't thank you for that. Well done, Harry, and well done, Buckbeak. Ron: That was wicked, Harry! Malfoy: Oh, please. Hagrid: Well done, well done. How am I doing me first day? Harry: Brilliant, professor. Malfoy: Yes you're not dangerous at all, are you, you great ugly brute! Hagrid: Malfoy, no  No! Buckbeak! Whoa, whoa, whoa  Whoa! Buckbeak! Away, you silly creature! Malfoy: It's killed me! It's killed me! Hagrid: Calm down! It's just a scratch! Hermione: Hagrid! He has to be taken to the hospital. Hagrid: I'm the teacher. I'll do it. Malfoy: Oh You're gonna regret this. Hagrid: Class dismissed! Malfoy: You and your bloody chicken! PANSY: Does it hurt terribly, Draco? Malfoy: It comes and it goes. Still, I consider myself lucky. Madam Pomfrey said another minute and I could've lost my arm. I couldn't do homework for weeks. Ron: Listen to the idiot. He's really laying it on thick, isn't he? Harry: At least Hagrid didn't get fired. Hermione: Yeah but I heard Draco's father's furious. We haven't heard the end of this. Seamus: He's been sighted! He's been sighted! Ron: Who? Seamus: Sirius Black! Hermione: Dufftown? That's not far from here. Other: You don't think he'd come to Hogwarts, do you? With dementors at every entrance? Seamus: Dementors? He's already slipped past them once. Who's to say he won't do it again? Other: That's right. Black could be anywhere. It's like trying to catch smoke. Like trying to catch smoke with your bare hands. Lupin: Intriguing, isn't it? Would anyone like to venture a guess  as to what is inside? Dean: That's a boggart, that is. Lupin: Very good, Mr. Thomas. Now, can anybody tell me what a boggart looks like? Hermione: No one knows. Ron: When did she get here? Hermione: Boggarts are shape shifters. They take the shape of whatever a particular person fears the most. That's what makes them so  Lupin: So terrifying, yes, yes, yes  Luckily, a very simple charm exists to repel a boggart. Let's practice it now. Without wands, please. After me. Riddikulus! Other: Riddikulus! Lupin: Very good. A little louder and very clear. Listen: Riddikulus! Other: Riddikulus! Malfoy: This class is ridiculous. Lupin: Very good. So much for the easy part. You see, the incantation alone is not enough. What really finishes a boggart is laughter. You need to force it to assume a shape you find truly amusing. Let me explain. Uh  Neville, would you join me, please? Come on, don't be shy. Come on. Come on. Hello. Neville, what frightens you most of all? Neville: Professor Snape. Lupin: Sorry? Neville: Professor Snape. Lupin: Professor Snape. Yes, frightens all. And I believe you live with your grandmother. Neville: Y Yes but I don't want that boggart to turn into her, either. Lupin: No  it won't. I want you to picture her clothes. Only her clothes, very clearly, in your mind. Neville: She carries a red handbag  Lupin: We don't need to hear. As long as you see it, we'll see it. Now, when I open that wardrobe  here's what I want you to do. Excuse me. Imagine Professor Snape in your grandmother's clothes. Can you do that? Yes. Wand at the ready. One, two, three. Think, Neville, think. Neville: Riddikulus! Lupin: Wonderful, Neville, wonderful! Incredible! Okay  to the back, Neville. Everyone, form a line! Form a line! I want everyone to picture the thing they fear the very most  and turn it into something funny. Next! Ron! Concentrate. Face your fear. Be brave! Wand at the ready, Ron, wand at the ready. Ron: Riddikulus! Lupin: Yes! You see? Very good, very good! Marvelous! Absolutely, very, very enjoyable! Parvati! Next! Show us what you see. Keep your nerve. Steady. Parvate: Riddikulus! Lupin: And next! Step up, step up! Wonderful, wonderful! Here! Riddikulus! Right. Sorry about that. That's enough for today. Collect your books from the back. That's the end of the lesson. Thank you! Sorry! Sorry, you can have too much of a good thing. McGonagall: Now remember, these visits to Hogsmeade village are a privilege. Should your behavior reflect poorly on the school in anyway that privilege shall not be extended again. No permission form signed, no visiting the village. That's the rule, Potter. Flitch: Those with permission, follow me. Those without, stay put. Harry: But professor I thought if you signed it, then I could  McGonagall: I can't. Only a parent or a guardian can sign. Since I am neither, it would be inappropriate. I'm sorry, Potter. That's my final word. Harry: Forget about it, guys. See you later. Harry: Professor, can I ask you something? Lupin: You want to know why I stopped you facing that boggart, yes? I would've thought it'd be obvious. I assumed it would take the shape of Lord Voldemort. Harry: I did think of Voldemort at first. But then I remembered that night on the train  and the dementor. Lupin: I'm very impressed. That suggests what you fear the most is fear itself. This is very wise. Harry: Before I fainted  I heard something. A woman  screaming. Lupin: Dementors force us to relive our very worst memories. Our pain becomes their power. Harry: I think it was my mother  the night she was murdered. Lupin: The very first time I saw you, Harry, I recognized you immediately. Not by your scar, by your eyes. They're your mother, Lily's. Yes. Oh, yes. I knew her. Your mother was there for me at a time when no one else was. Not only was she a singularly gifted witch  she was also an uncommonly kind woman. She had a way of seeing the beauty in others  even, and perhaps most especially, when that person could not see it in themselves. And your father, James, on the other hand  he  He had a certain, shall we say, talent for trouble. A talent, rumor has it, he passed on to you. You're more like them than you know, Harry. In time, you'll come to see just how much. Ron: Honeyduke's Sweetshop is brilliant, but nothing beats Zonko's Joke Shop. We never did got a chance to go to the Shrieking Shack though. You heard it's the most  Harry: The most haunted building in Britain. Yeah I know. What's going on? Ron: Probably Neville forgotten the password again. Neville: Hey!. Ron: Oh, you're there. Percy: Let me through, please. Excuse me! I'm Head Boy! Get back, all of you. No one is to enter this dormitory until it's been searched. Ginny: The Fat Lady! She's gone! Ron: Serves her right. She was a terrible singer. Hermione: It's not funny, Ron. Percy: Keep calm, everyone. Break into fours. Back to your common room. Be quiet. Dumbledore Make way. Percy: The headmaster's here. Dumbledore Come on, move. Percy: You heard. Move! Dumbledore Mr. Filch? Round up the ghosts. Tell them to search every painting in the castle to find the Fat Lady. Flitch: There's no need for ghosts, professor. The Fat Lady's there. Percy: Mind where you're going! Slow down! You listen! I'm Head Boy! Come back here! Dumbledore Keep moving! Dumbledore Dear lady, who did this to you? Fat Lady: Eyes like the devil, he's got, and a soul as dark as his name. It's him, headmaster. The one they all talk about. He's here, somewhere in the castle! Sirius Black! Dumbledore Secure the castle, Mr. Filch. The rest of you, to the Great Hall. Flitch: I've searched the Astronomy Tower and the Owlery, sir. But there's nothing there. Dumbledore Ah, thank you. Flitwick: The third floor's clear too, sir. Dumbledore Very good. Snape: I've done the dungeons, headmaster. No sign of Black, nor anywhere else in the castle. Dumbledore: I didn't really expect him to linger. Snape: Remarkable feat, don't you think? To enter Hogwarts Castle on one's own  completely undetected? Dumbledore Quite remarkable, yes. Snape: Any theories on how he managed it? Dumbledore Many. Each as unlikely as the next. Snape: You may recall  prior to the start of term I expressed concerns  about your appointment of Professor  Dumbledore Not a single professor inside this castle would help Sirius Black enter it. I'm quite convinced the castle is safe  and I'm more than willing to send the students back to their houses. Snape: What about Potter? Should he be warned? Dumbledore Perhaps. But for now, let him sleep. For in dreams, we enter a world that's entirely our own. Let them swim in the deepest ocean or glide over the highest cloud. Snape: Turn to page 394. Harry: Excuse me, sir. Where's Professor Lupin? Snape: That's not really your concern, is it, Potter? Suffice it to say your professor finds himself incapable of teaching  at the present time. Turn to page 394. Ron: "Werewolves"? Hermione: But sir, we just learned about red caps and hinkypunks. We're not meant to start that for weeks. Snape: Quiet. Ron: When did she come in? Did you see her come in? Snape: Now, which one of you can tell me the difference  between an Animagus and a werewolf? No one? How disappointing. Hermione: Please, sir. An Animagus is a wizard who elects to turn into an animal. A werewolf has no choice. With each full moon, when he transforms, he no longer remembers who he is. He'd kill his best friend if he crossed his path. Furthermore, the werewolf only responds to the call of its own kind. Snape: Thank you, Mr. Malfoy. That's the second time  you've spoken out of turn, Miss Granger. Are you incapable of restraining yourself  or do you take pride in being an insufferable know it all? Ron: He's got a point, you know. Snape: Five points from Gryffindor. As an antidote to your ignorance, and on my desk, by Monday morning  two rolls of parchment on the werewolf, with emphasis  on recognizing it. Harry: Sir, it's Quidditch tomorrow. Snape: Then I suggest you take extra care, Mr. Potter. Loss of limb will not excuse you. Page 394. The term "werewolf"  is a contraction of the Anglo Saxon word "were"  which means "man," and "wolf." Werewolf, man wolf. There are several ways to become a werewolf. They include being given the power of shape shifting  being bitten by a werewolf  Hermione: Go, Harry! Go, Harry! Dumbledore Arresto momentum! Ron: He looks a bit peaky, doesn't he? Fred: Peaky? What do you expect? He fell over 100 feet. George: Yeah, come on Ron, let's walk you off the astronomy tower and see what you look like. Harry: Probably a right sight better than he normally does. Hermione: How are you feeling? Harry: Oh, brilliant. Fred: You gave us a right good scare there, mate. Harry: What happened? Ron: Well, you fell off your broom. Harry: Really? I meant the match. Who won? Hermione: Umm  no one blames you, Harry. The dementors aren't supposed to come inside the grounds. Dumbledore's furious. As soon as he saved you, he sent them off. Ron: There's something else you should know too. When you fell, your broom sort of blew into the Whomping Willow, and  Well  Lupin: I'm sorry to hear about your broomstick. Is there no chance of fixing it? Harry: No. Professor, why do the dementors affect me so? I mean, more than everyone else? Lupin: Listen. Dementors are amongst the foulest creatures to walk this earth. They feed on every good feeling, every happy memory  until a person is left with absolutely nothing but his worst experiences. You are not weak, Harry. The dementors affect you most because there are true horrors in your past. Horrors your classmates can scarcely imagine. You have nothing to be ashamed of. Harry: I'm scared, professor. Lupin: Well I'd consider you a fool if you weren't. Harry: I need to know how to fight them. You could teach me. You made that dementor on the train go away. Lupin: There was only one that night. Harry: But you made it go away. Lupin: I don't pretend to be an expert, Harry. But as the dementors seem to have developed a particular interest in you  perhaps I should teach you. But after the holidays. For now, I need to rest. Flitch: Last call for Hogsmeade! Come on, now! Harry: Guys, let me go. Fred: Clever, Harry. George: But not clever enough. George: Besides, we've got a better way. Harry: I'm trying to get to Hogsmeade. Fred/George: We know. Don't worry. We'll get you there. We'll show you a quicker way. If you pipe down. Fred: Oh. Bless him. Harry: Let me go! Come on, guys. Don't  George: Now, Harry. Fred/George: Come and join the big boys. Harry: What are you doing?! Harry: What's this rubbish? Fred: "What's this rubbish?" he says. That there it's the secret to our success. George: It's a wrench giving it to you believe me. But we've decided your needs are greater than ours. Fred: George, if you will. George: I solemnly swear that I am up to no good. Harry: "Mr's. Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot and Prongs  are proud to present the Marauder's Map." George: We owe them so much. Harry: Hang on. This is Hogwarts. And that  No. Is that really ? Fred: Dumbledore. George: In his study. Fred: Pacing. George: Does that a lot. Harry: So you mean this map shows  Fred: Everyone. Harry: Everyone? George: Everyone. Fred: Where they are. George: What they're doing. Fred: Every minute. George: Of every day. Harry: Brilliant! Where did you get it? Fred: Knicked it from Filch's office, of course. First year. George: Now listen, there are seven secret passageways  out of the castle. We'd recommend Fred/George: This one. Fred: The One Eyed Witch passageway. George: It'll lead you straight to Honeyduke's seller. Fred: You best hurry. Filch is heading this way. George: Oh and Harry don't forget. When you're done, just give it a tap and say: Fred/George: "Mischief managed." Otherwise, anyone can read it. Other: Now, how much do you want? Delicious. Hermione: It's meant to be the most haunted building in Britain. Did I mention that? Ron: Twice. Hermione: Do you want to move a bit closer? Ron: To the Shrieking Shack? Ron: Actually, I'm fine here. Malfoy: Well, well. Look who's here. You two shopping for your new dream home? Bit grand for you, isn't it, Weasle Bee? Don't your family sleep in uh  one room? Ron: Shut your mouth, Malfoy. Malfoy: Uh, Not very friendly. Boys, I think it's time we teach Weasle Bee how to respect his superiors. Hermione: Hope you don't mean yourself! Malfoy: How dare you talk to me! You filthy little mudblood! Who is that? Don't stand there! Do something! Crabbe: What? Ron: What's up, Malfoy? Lost your skis? Malfoy: Get out of the way! Move! Crabbe: Malfoy! Wait! Wait! Hermione: Harry! Ron: Bloody hell, Harry. That was not funny. Ron: Those weasels! Never told me about any Marauder's Map. Hermione: But Harry isn't going to keep it. He's going to turn it over to Professor McGonagall. Aren't you? Ron: Sure. Along with his Invisibility Cloak. Hermione: Oh, look who it is. Madam Rosmerta. Ron fancies her. Ron: That's not true! Fudge: Professor McGonagall! McGonagall: Cornelius! Hagrid: Allow me, minister. Fudge: Oh, Hagrid  Hagrid: Sorry about that. Fudge: Rosmerta, my dear. I hope business is good. Rosmerta: It'd be a lot better if the Ministry wasn't sending dementors  into my pub every other night! Fudge: We have  We have a killer on the loose! Rosmerta: Sirius Black in Hogsmeade! And what would bring him here? Fudge: Harry Potter. Rosmerta: Harry Potter? Fudge: Come. Hermione: Harry! Shrunken Heads: No underage wizards allowed in today! Shut the darn door! Hermione: So rude. Ron: Thick heads. Shrunken Heads: Thick heads?! How dare they! Who are they calling thick heads? Young whippersnappers! Rosmerta: Nobody's going to come to a pub where they're gonna get scared out of their wits. Why? McGonagall: Professor Dumbledore does not want dementors around the place, I can assure you. Rosmerta: Now, tell me what this is all about. McGonagall: Well. Now years ago, when Harry Potter's parents realized they were marked for death  You remember? They went into hiding. Few knew where they were. One who did was Sirius Black. And he told You Know Who! Fudge: Not only did Black lead You Know Who to the Potters that night, but he also killed one of their friends, Peter Pettigrew! Rosmerta: Peter Pettigrew? McGonagall: Yes, little lump of a boy. Always trailing after Sirius Black. Rosmerta: Ah, I remember him. Never let James and Sirius out of his sight. But what happened? McGonagall: Well Peter Pettigrew tried to warn the Potters  and might have managed to, had he not run into an old friend, Sirius Black. Fudge: Black was vicious. He didn't kill Pettigrew. He destroyed him! A finger. That's all that was left. A finger. Nothing else. McGonagall: Yes. Sirius Black may not have put his hands to the Potters, but he's the reason they're dead. Fudge: And now he wants to finish what he started. McGonagall: Mhmm. Rosmerta: I don't believe it. Fudge: Ah, that's not the worst of it. Rosmerta: What could be worse? McGonagall: This: Sirius Black was  and remains to this day  Harry Potter's godfather! Hermione: Ron, look! Sorry, sorry. Excuse me, excuse me, sorry. Harry, what happened? Harry: He was their friend  and he betrayed them. He was their friend! I hope he finds me. Because when he does, I'm gonna be ready! When he does, I'm gonna kill him! Lupin: Harry. There you are. You came. Are you sure about this, Harry? You know this is very advanced magic well beyond the Ordinary Wizarding Level. Harry: I'm sure. Lupin: Well, everything's prepared. Now, the spell I'm going to try to teach you is called the Patronus Charm. Did you ever hear of it? No? Well  A Patronus is a kind of positive force. For the wizard who conjures one  it works something like a shield, with the dementor feeding on it rather than him. But in order for it to work, you need to think of a memory. Not just any memory, a very happy memory, a very powerful memory. Lupin: Can you do this? Yes. Very well. Close your eyes. Concentrate. Explore your past. Do you have a memory? Allow it to fill you up. Lose yourself within it. Then speak the incantation, Expecto Patronum. Harry: Expecto Patronum. Lupin: Very good. Shall we? Wand at the ready. Harry: Expecto Patronum! Expecto  Expecto  Expect  Lupin: Here we go. Come on. Sit up. Deep breaths. It's all right. I didn't expect you to do it the first time. That would have been remarkable. Here, eat this. You'll feel better. Harry: That's one nasty dementor. Lupin: Oh, no, no, no. That was a boggart, Harry. A boggart. The real thing would be worse. Much, much worse. As a matter of interest, what were you thinking? Which memory did you choose? Harry: The first time I rode a broom. Lupin: That's not good enough. Not nearly good enough. Harry: There's another. It's not  happy, exactly. Well, it is. It's the happiest I've ever felt  but it's complicated. Lupin: Is it strong? Then let's give it a try. You feel ready? Harry: Just do it. Expecto Patronum! Expecto Patronum! Lupin: Yes! Well done, Harry. Well done! Harry: I think I've had enough for today. Lupin: Yes. Sit down. Here. Eat this, it helps. It really helps. And just so you know, Harry  I think you'd have given your father a run for his money. And that  is saying something. Harry: I was thinking of him. And Mom. Seeing their faces. They were talking to me. Just talking. That's the memory I chose. I don't even know if it's real. But it's the best I have. Hermione: Beautiful day. Ron: Gorgeous. Ron: Unless of course you've been ripped to pieces! Harry: Ripped to pieces? What are you talking about? Hermione: Ronald has lost his rat. Ron: I haven't lost anything! Your cat killed him! Hermione: Rubbish. Ron: Harry, you've seen the way that bloodthirsty beast of hers  is always lurking about. And Scabbers is gone. Hermione: Well, maybe you should take better care of your pets! Ron: Your cat killed him! Hermione: Did not. Ron: Did. Hermione: Didn't. Hermione: How did it go, Hagrid? The hearing? Hagrid: Well, first off, the committee members took turns  talking about why we were there. And then I got up and did my piece. Said how Buckbeak  was a good hippogriff, always cleaned his feathers. And then Lucius Malfoy got up. Well, you can imagine. He said Buckbeak was a deadly and dangerous creature  who would kill you as soon as look at you. Hermione: And then? Hagrid: And then he asked for the worst, did old Lucius. Harry: They're not sacking you! Hagrid: No, I'm not sacked. Buckbeak's been sentenced to death! Ron: Spiders! There's  There's spiders. Spiders. They want me to tap dance. I don't wanna tap dance! Harry: You tell those spiders Ron. Ron: Right, yeah. Tell them. I'll tell them  Rosmerta: Peter Pettigrew? McGonagall: Little lump of a boy. Always trailing after Sirius Black. Fudge: Black was vicious. He didn't kill Pettigrew, he destroyed him! Ghost 1: Put that light out! Harry: Sorry. Ghost 2: Watch it there, boy. Ghost 3: We're trying to sleep here! Ghost 2: Yes, we are. Harry: Mischief managed. Nox. Snape: Potter. What are you doing wandering the corridors at night? Harry: I was sleepwalking. Snape: How extraordinarily like your father you are, Potter. He, too, was exceedingly arrogant, strutting about the castle. Harry: My dad didn't strut. And nor do I. Now, if you don't mind, I would appreciate it if you could lower your wand. Snape: Turn out your pockets. Turn out your pockets! What's this? Harry: Spare bit of parchment. Snape: Really? Open it. Reveal your secrets. Read it. Harry: "Mr's. Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs  offer their compliments to Professor Snape and " Snape: Go on. Harry: "And request that he keep his abnormally large nose out of other people's business." Snape: Why, you insolent little  Lupin: Professor! Snape: Well, well. Lupin. Out for a little walk  in the moonlight, are we? Lupin: Harry, are you alright? Snape: That remains to be seen. I have just now confiscated a rather curious artifact from Mr. Potter. Take a look, Lupin. Supposed to be your area of expertise. Clearly, it's full of dark magic. Lupin: Oh, I seriously doubt it, Severus. It looks as though it's merely a parchment designed to insult anyone  who tries to read it. I suspect it's a Zonko product. Nevertheless, I shall investigate any hidden qualities it may possess. It is, after all, as you say, my area of expertise. Harry, would you come with me, please? Professor, good night. Ghost 1: Are you deaf? Put that light out! Lupin: Come in. I haven't the faintest idea how this map came to be in your possession  but quite frankly, I am astounded that you didn't hand it in. Did it never occur to you that this, in the hands of Sirius Black  is a map to you? Harry: No. No, sir. Lupin: Your father never set much store by the rules either. But he and your mother gave their lives to save yours. Gambling their sacrifice by wandering around the castle unprotected  with a killer on the loose seems to me a poor way to repay them! Now, I will not cover up for you again, Harry. Do you hear me? Harry: Yes, sir. Lupin: I want you to return to your dormitory and stay there. And don't take any detours. If you do, I shall know. Harry: Professor, just so you know, I don't think that map always works. Earlier, it showed someone in the castle. Someone I know to be dead. Lupin: Oh, really? And who might that be? Harry: Peter Pettigrew. Lupin: That's not possible. Harry: It's just what I saw. Good night, professor. Trelawney: Broaden your minds. You must look beyond. The art of crystal gazing is in the clearing of the Inner Eye. Only then can you see. Try again. Now, what do we have here? Hermione: Oh, do you mind me trying? The Grim, possibly. Trelawney: My dear, from the first moment you stepped foot in my class  I sensed that you did not possess the proper spirit  for the noble art of Divination. No, you see, there. You may be young in years, but the heart that beats beneath your bosom is as shriveled as an old maid's, your soul as dry as the pages of the books  to which you so desperately cleave. Have I said something? Ron: She's gone mental, Hermione has. I mean, not that she wasn't always mental  but now it's in the open for everyone to see. Harry: Hang on. We better take this back. Ron: I'm not going back. Harry: Fine. See you later. Ron: See you. Siris: Harry Potter  Harry: Professor Trelawney  Trelawney: He will return tonight. Harry: Sorry? Trelawney: Tonight, he who betrayed his friends, whose heart rots with murder  shall break free. Innocent blood shall be spilt  and servant and master shall be reunited once more. I'm so sorry, dear boy. Did you say something? Harry: No. Nothing. Hermione: I can't believe they're going to kill Buckbeak. It's just too horrible. Ron: It just got worse. Malfoy: Now I'll tell you. Father said  I can keep the hippogriff's head. I think I'll donate it to the Gryffindors' room. This is going to be rich. Look who's here. Come to see the show? Hermione: You! You foul, loathsome, evil little cockroach! Ron: Hermione, no! He's not worth it. Crabbe: Malfoy, are you okay? Let's go. Quick. Malfoy: Not a word to anyone, understood? Hermione: That felt good. Ron: Not good, brilliant! Hagrid: Look at him. Loves the smell of the trees when the wind blows through them. Harry: Why don't we just set him free? Hagrid: They'd know it was me, and then Dumbledore  would get into trouble. He's coming down, you know? Dumbledore. Says he wants to be with me when they  When it happens. Great man, Dumbledore. A great man. Hermione: We'll stay with you too, Hagrid. Hagrid: You'll do no such thing! Think I want you seeing something like that? No. You just drink your tea and be off. Oh. Before you do, Ron  Ron: Scabbers! You're alive! Hagrid: Keep a closer eye on your pets, Ron. Hermione: I think that means you owe someone an apology. Ron: Right. Next time I see Crookshanks, I'll let him know. Hermione: I meant me! Hagrid: Blimey! What was that? Harry: Ow! Hagrid! Hagrid: Oh, crikey. Fudge: Very interesting. Dumbledore No, minister. Over this way. Hagrid: It's late. It's nearly dark. You shouldn't be here. Someone sees you outside the castle at this time of night, you'll be in trouble. Big trouble. Particularly you, Harry. With you in a moment! Quick. Quick! Harry: Hagrid. It'll be fine. It'll be okay. Hagrid: Go on, go on! Dumbledore Yes, that's the  lings you see over there  Fudge: On the slope. Dumbledore: On the slope  Ah, Hagrid. Hagrid: Professor Dumbledore. Fudge: Good evening. Hagrid: Minister. Just make your way through. Have a tea, if you like. Fudge: No, Hagrid, thank you. Now gentlemen  Dumbledore I'd like to have a cup of tea. Fudge: Well, I think we should get down to our business, shall we? Very well. It is the decision of the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures that the hippogriff known as Buckbeak, hereinafter called "the condemned," shall be executed this day at sundown. Hagrid: Dear, dear  Dumbledore Now, now, Hagrid. Now, come on. All right. It'll be all right. Fudge: The execution shall dispatch  Harry: What? Hermione: I thought I just saw  Never mind. Ron: Let's go! Hagrid: Buckbeak didn't mean no harm. Ron: Oh, no. Ron: He bit me! Scabbers! Hermione: Ron. Ron! Ron! Ron: Scabbers, come back! Harry: Wait! Ron: Scabbers, you bit me! Hermione: Harry, you do realize what tree this is? Harry: That's not good. Ron, run! Ron: Harry, Hermione, run! It's the Grim! Harry! Hermione: Ron! Ron, wait! Harry! Ron: Help! Harry: Ron! Ron! Ron! Ron! Come on! Move! Hermione: Duck! Hermione: Harry! Hermione: Oh, I'm sorry. Harry: Don't worry. Hermione: Where do you suppose this goes? Harry: I have a hunch. I just hope I'm wrong. Hermione: We're in the Shrieking Shack, aren't we? Harry: Come on. Ron. Hermione: Ron. You're okay. The dog. Where is it? Ron: Harry it's a trap. He's the dog. He's an Animagus. Hermione: If you want to kill Harry, you'll have to kill us too! Siris: No. Only one will die tonight. Harry: Then it'll be you! Siris: Are you going to kill me, Harry? Lupin: Expelliarmus! Well, well, Sirius. Looking rather ragged, aren't we? Finally, the flesh reflects the madness within. Siris: Well, you'd know all about the madness within, wouldn't you Remus? I found him. Lupin: I know. Siris: It's him. Lupin: I understand. Siris: Let's kill him! Hermione: No! I trusted you! And all this time, you've been his friend. He's a werewolf! That's why he's been missing classes. Lupin: How long have you known? Hermione: Since Professor Snape set the essay. Lupin: Well, well, well, Hermione. You really are the brightest witch of your age, I've ever met. Siris: Enough talk, Remus! Come on, let's kill him! Lupin: Wait! Siris: I did my waiting! Twelve years of it! In Azkaban! Lupin: Very well. Kill him. But wait one more minute. Harry has the right to know why. Harry: I know why. You betrayed my parents. You're the reason they're dead! Lupin: No, Harry it wasn't him. Somebody did betray your parents  but it was somebody who, until quite recently, I believed to be dead! Harry: Who was it, then? Siris: Peter Pettigrew! And he's in this room! Right now! Come out, come out, Peter! Come out, come out and play! Snape: Expelliarmus! Vengeance is sweet. How I hoped I'd be the one to catch you. Siris: Severus  Snape: I told Dumbledore you were helping an old friend into the castle, and now here's the proof. Siris: Brilliant, Snape. Once again you've put your keen penetrating mind to the task and as usual come to the wrong conclusion. Now, if you'll excuse us, Remus and I have some unfinished business  to attend to. Snape: Give me a reason. I beg you! Lupin: Severus don't be a fool. Siris: He can't help it. It's habit. Lupin: Sirius be quiet. Siris: Be quiet yourself Remus! Snape: Oh listen to you two, quarreling like an old married couple. Siris: Why don't you run along and play with your chemistry set! Snape: I could do it, you know. But why deny the dementors? They're so longing to see you. Do I detect a flicker of fear? Oh, yes. A Dementor's Kiss. One can only imagine what that must be like. It's said to be nearly unbearable to witness, but I'll do my best. Lupin: Severus, please. Snape: After you. Harry: Expelliarmus! Ron: Harry! What did you just do? Hermione: You attacked a teacher! Harry: Tell me about Peter. Lupin: He was at school with us. We thought he was our friend! Harry: No. Pettigrew's dead. You killed him! Lupin: No, he didn't. I thought so too, until you mentioned seeing Pettigrew on the map! Harry: The map was lying, then. Siris: The map never lies! Pettigrew's alive! And he's right there! Ron: Me?! He's mental! Siris: Not you! Your rat! Ron: Scabbers has been in my family for  Siris: Twelve years? Curiously long life for a common garden rat! He's missing a toe, isn't he? Ron: So what? Harry: All they could find of Pettigrew was his  Siris: Finger! That dirty coward cut it off so everyone would think he was dead! And then he transformed into a rat! Harry: Show me. Give it to him, Ron. Ron: What are you trying to do to him? Scabbers! Leave him alone! Get off him! What are you doing? Pettigrew: Remus? Sirius. My old friends! Harry! Look at you! You look so much like your father! Like James! We were the best of friends  Siris: How dare you speak to Harry! How dare you talk about James in front of him! Lupin: You sold James and Lily to Voldemort, didn't you? Pettigrew: I didn't mean to! The Dark Lord. You have no idea the weapons he possesses! Ask yourself, Sirius! What would you have done? What would you have done? Siris: I would have died! I would have died, rather than betray my friends! Pettigrew: Harry, James wouldn't have wanted me killed! Your dad  Your dad would have spared me! He would show me mercy! Lupin: You should've realized, Peter, that if Voldemort didn't kill you, then we would! Together! Harry: No! Lupin: Harry, this man  Harry: I know what he is. But we'll take him to the castle. Pettigrew: Bless you, boy! Bless you! Harry: Get off! I said we'd take you to the castle. After that, the dementors can have you. Siris: Sorry about the bite. I reckon that twinges a bit. Ron: A bit? A bit? You almost tore my leg off! Siris: I was going for the rat. Normally, I have a very sweet disposition as a dog. In fact, more than once, James suggested that I make the change permanent. The tail I could live with. But the fleas, they're murder. Harry: Okay. Ron: You better go. Harry: No. Don't worry, okay? It's fine. I'll stay. Hermione: You go, I'll stay. Harry: You okay? Ron: I'm fine. Go. Hermione: That looks really painful. Ron: So painful. They might chop it. Hermione: I'm sure Madam Pomfrey will fix it in a heartbeat. Ron: It's too late. It's ruined. It'll have to be chopped off. Siris: It's beautiful, isn't it? I'll never forget the first time I walked through those doors. It'll be nice to do it again as a free man. That was a noble thing you did back there. He doesn't deserve it. Harry: Well I just didn't think my dad would have wanted his two best friends  to become killers. Besides, dead, the truth dies with him. Alive, you're free. Pettigrew: Turn me into a maggot! Turn me into a flobberworm! Anything but the dementors! Ron! Haven't I been a good friend? A good pet? You won't let them give me to the dementors, will you? I was your rat! Sweet girl! Clever girl! Surely you won't let them  Lupin: Get away from her! Siris: I don't know if you know, Harry  but when you were born, James and Lily made me your godfather. Harry: I know. Siris: I can understand if you choose to stay with your aunt and uncle  but if you ever wanted a different home  Harry: What? Come and live with you? Siris: It's just a thought. I can understand if you don't want to. Hermione: Harry! Siris: Remus, my old friend! Have you taken your potion tonight? You know the man you truly are, Remus! This heart is where you truly live! This heart here! This flesh is only flesh! Harry: Expelliarmus! Hermione: Harry! Siris: Remus! Remus! Run! Run! Harry: Come on. Hermione: Wait! Wait! Ron: Hermione! Bad idea. Bad idea. Hermione: Professor? Professor Lupin? Ron: Nice doggy. Nice doggy! Snape: There you are, Potter! Harry: Sirius! Snape: Come back here, Potter! Harry: Sirius! No. Sirius! Expecto Patronum! Hermione: Harry? Harry: I saw my dad. Hermione: What? Harry: He sent the dementors away. I saw him across the lake. Hermione: Listen Harry, they've captured Sirius. Any minute the dementors are going to perform the Kiss. Harry: You mean they're gonna kill him? Hermione: No. It's worse. Much worse. They're going to suck out his soul. Headmaster, you've got to stop them. They've got the wrong man. Harry: It's true. Sirius is innocent. Ron: It's Scabbers who did it. Dumbledore Scabbers? Ron: He's my rat, sir. He's not really a rat. He was a rat. He was my brother Percy's rat. But then they gave him an owl  Hermione: The point is, we know the truth. Please believe us. Dumbledore: I do, Miss Granger. But the word of three 13 year old wizards will convince few others. A child's voice, however honest and true  is meaningless to those who have forgotten how to listen. Mysterious thing, time. Powerful  and when meddled with, dangerous. Sirius Black is in the topmost cell of the Dark Tower. You know the laws, Miss Granger. You must not be seen. And you would do well, I feel, to return before this last chime. If not, the consequences are too ghastly to discuss. If you succeed tonight  more than one innocent life may be spared. Three turns should do it, I think. Oh, and by the way. When in doubt, I find retracing my steps to be a wise place to begin. Good luck. Ron: What the bloody hell was that all about? Hermione: Sorry, Ron, but seeing as you can't walk  Harry: What just happened? Where's Ron? Hermione: 7:30. Where were we at 7:30? Harry: I don't know. Going to Hagrid's? Hermione: Come on. And we can't be seen. Harry: Hermione! Hermione! Hermione, wait. Hermione, will you please tell me what it is we're doing? Hermione: You foul, loathsome, evil little cockroach! Harry: That's us. Ron: Hermione, no! He's not worth it. Harry: This is not normal. Hermione: This is a Time Turner, Harry. McGonagall gave it to me first term. This is how I've been getting to my lessons all year. Harry: You mean we've gone back in time? Hermione: Yes. Dumbledore obviously wanted us to return to this moment. Clearly, something happened he wants us to change. Harry: Good punch. Hermione: Thanks. Malfoy's coming. Crabbe: Run. Malfoy: Not a word to anyone, understood? I'm gonna get that jumped up mudblood! Mark my words. Hermione: That felt good. Ron (from three hours ago): Not good, brilliant. Harry: Come on. We should be at Hagrid's. Harry: Look. Buckbeak's still alive. Hermione: Of course. Remember what Dumbledore said? If we succeed, more than one innocent life could be spared. Let's go. Harry: Here they come. I'd better hurry. Hermione: Fudge has to see Buckbeak before we steal him. Otherwise, he'll think Hagrid set him free. Ron: Scabbers, you're alive! Hagrid: Keep a closer eye on your pet, Ron. Harry: That's Pettigrew. Hermione: Harry, you can't. Harry: He betrayed my parents. You don't expect me to sit here. Hermione: Yes, and you must! Harry, you're in Hagrid's hut now. If you just go bursting in, you'll think you've gone mad. Awful things happen to wizards who meddle with time. We can't be seen. Hermione: Fudge is coming. And we aren't leaving? Why aren't we leaving? Harry: Are you mad? Harry: Ow! Harry: Ow! That hurt! Hermione: Sorry. We're coming out the back door. Go! Hermione: Is that really what my hair looks like from the back? Harry: What? Hermione: I thought I just saw  Never mind. Ron: Let's go. Hermione: Okay, go, Harry. Go! Harry: Get away. Get off. Dumbledore: Minister, I really think I should sign as well. Fudge: Yes, very well. Perhaps it would be  Hermione: Okay, Buckbeak. Come quickly. Come with us now. Come on. Hermione: Keep trying. Come on. Quickly. Buckbeak. Okay? Quickly. Hurry up. Okay? Fudge: Your name only. Dumbledore: It's such a very long name  Hermione: Hurry up now, Buckbeak, okay? Come on. Come on, Buckbeak. Come and get the nice dead ferret. Come on. It's here. Come on, Beaky. Dumbledore: Here we are, minister. Follow me. Now, look there. Fudge: Where? Dumbledore: Look beyond the rocks. Fudge: What am I supposed to see? Dumbledore: Professor Dippet had that ling planted when he was headmaster. Fudge: Oh, yes. Indeed, indeed. Dumbledore: And all the strawberries, you see? Hermione: Come on, Buckbeak. Come on. Fudge: I see no strawberries. Dumbledore Over there. Fudge: Where? Dumbledore Over there. Harry: This way. Fudge: Let's get this over, please. Dumbledore All right. Fudge: But where is it? I saw the beast, just now. Not a moment ago! Dumbledore How extraordinary. Hagrid: Buckbeak. Fudge: Come now, Dumbledore. Someone's obviously released him. Fudge: Hagrid? Hermione: Buckbeak. Dumbledore: I don't think the minister's suggesting you had anything to do with this. How could you? You've been with us all the time. Fudge: Right. Well, well. We must search the grounds. Dumbledore Well, search the skies, if you must, minister. Meanwhile, I'd like a nice cup of tea or a large brandy. Oh, executioner, your services are no longer required. Thank you. Hagrid: You'll find no small glasses in this house, professor. Harry: Come on. This way. This way, now. Now what? Hermione: We save Sirius. Harry: How? Hermione: No idea. Look. It's Lupin. Lupin: Immobulus! Hermione: And Snape's coming. Harry: And now we wait. Hermione: And now we wait. Hermione: At least someone's enjoying himself. Harry: Yeah. Hermione? Hermione: Yeah? Harry: Before, down by the lake, when I was with Sirius  I did see someone. That someone made the dementors go away. Hermione: With a Patronus. I heard Snape telling Dumbledore. According to him  only a really powerful wizard could have conjured it. Harry: It was my dad. My dad conjured the Patronus. Hermione: Harry, but your dad's  Dead. I know. I'm just telling you what I saw. Hermione: Here we come. Harry: You see Sirius talking to me there? He's asking me to come live with him. Hermione: That's great. Harry: When we free him, I'll never have to go back to the Dursleys'. It'll just be me and him. We could live in the country  someplace you can see the sky. I think he'll like that after all those years in Azkaban. Hermione: Harry! Run! Harry: Let's go! What are you doing? Hermione: Saving your life! Harry: Thanks. Great! Now he's coming for us. Hermione: Yeah, I didn't think about that. Run! Hermione: That was so scary. Harry: Poor Professor Lupin's having a really tough night. Sirius! Come on! Hermione: This is horrible. Harry: Don't worry. My dad will come. He'll conjure the Patronus. Any minute now! Right there! You'll see! Hermione: Harry, listen to me. No one's coming. Harry: Don't worry, he will! He will come! Sirius. Hermione: You're dying  both of you. Harry! Harry: Expecto Patronum! Harry: You were right, Hermione. It wasn't my dad I saw earlier. It was me! I saw myself conjuring the Patronus before. I knew I could do it this time because  well, I had already done it. Does that make sense? Hermione: No. Hermione: But I don't like flying ! Hermione: Bombarda! Siris: I'll be forever grateful for this  to both of you. Harry: I want to go with you. Siris: One day, perhaps. For some time, my life will be too unpredictable. And besides  you're meant to be here. Harry: But you're innocent. Siris: And you know it. And for now, that will do. I expect you're tired of hearing this  but you look so like your father. Except your eyes. You have  Harry: My mother's eyes. Siris: It's cruel that I spent so much time with James and Lily, and you so little. But know this: The ones that love us never really leave us. And you can always find them  in here. You really are the brightest witch of your age. Hermione: We have to go. Dumbledore Well? Harry: He's free. We did it. Dumbledore Did what? Good night. Ron: How did you get there? I was talking to you there. And now you're there. Hermione: What's he talking about, Harry? Harry: I don't know. Honestly, Ron. How can somebody be in two places at once? Lupin: Hello, Harry. I saw you coming. I've looked worse, believe me. Harry: You've been sacked. Lupin: No. No. I resigned, actually. Harry: Resigned? Why? Lupin: Well, it seems that somebody let slip the nature of my condition. This time tomorrow, the owls will start arriving and parents will not want  well, someone like me teaching their children. Harry: But Dumbledore  Lupin: Dumbledore has already  risked enough on my behalf. Besides, people like me are  Well, let's just say that I'm used to it by now. Lupin: Why do you look so miserable, Harry? Harry: None of it made any difference. Pettigrew escaped. Lupin: Didn't make any difference? Harry it made all the difference in the world. You have uncovered the truth. You saved an innocent man from a terrible fate. It made a great deal of difference. If I am proud of anything  it is of how much you have learned this year. Now, since I am no longer your teacher  I feel no guilt whatsoever about giving this back to you. So now I'll say goodbye, Harry. I feel sure we'll meet again sometime. Until then  mischief managed. Ron: Stand back, I said! Or I'll take it upstairs if you don't settle. Neville: Harry. Wherever did you get it? Seamus: Can I have a go, Harry? After you, of course. Harry: What are you talking about? Ron: Quiet. Let the man through. I didn't mean to open it, Harry. It was badly wrapped. They made me do it. Fred/George: Did not. Others: It's a Firebolt. It's the fastest broom in the world. Harry: For me? But who sent it? Ron: No one knows. Hermione: This came with it. Neville: Go on, Harry! Seamus: Yeah, let's see. Hermione: How fast is it, Harry? Harry: Lumos.